 The company argued that its foreman needn ' t have told the worker not to move the plank to which his lifeline was tied because  " that comes with common sense .  "         The commission noted ,  however ,  that Dellovade hadn ' t instructed its employees on how to secure their lifelines and didn ' t heed a federal inspector ' s earlier suggestion that the company install special safety  lines  inside the A-frame structure it was building .  
 The set ,  designed by Mr .  Hall ' s longtime associate Eugene Lee ,  has the audience divided in half ,  facing a central playing area .     Off to one side -- representing the  " have-nots "  of Louisiana -- is a broken-down shack with a woodpile and a wash  line  .  
 The new technology represents a considerable savings over conventional offshore production technology .         The foundation of the project ,  a  " tension-leg well platform ,  "  will be a floating structure that is anchored to the seabed by steel mooring  lines  ,  a design that requires far less steel than conventional platforms do .  
 There is nothing easy about running a cruise boat in winter .     It takes boiling water to thaw the frozen  lines  at the Clinton ' s overnight berth so that the boat can be brought around to the passenger pier .  
 But she could use a pair of spikes to help her navigate the icy deck .     Three times she tries to throw a dock  line  to the pier .  
  " Give it a prolonged blow .  "         Proudly ,  I give the green  line  a tug .  
 To my horror ,  I realize I have pulled too hard .     Down comes the green  line  as the great whistle blares forth ,  a shrill torrent of sound that won ' t stop .  
  " There are grown macho men who can skin game but who won ' t touch an eelpout ,  "  says Jeffrey Gunderson ,  a representative of the University of Minnesota ' s Sea Grant Extension program ,  which tries to promote underused fish .      " They ' ll cut their  lines  rather than bring it into the boat and unhook it .  "  
 In the slalom ,  skiers whizzed around buoys behind boats going 36 mph for the men and 34 mph for the woman (it ' s a bigger difference than it seems ,  I was told) ,  shortening their ropes on every pass until everyone got wet .     Jumpers soared for distance off a six-foot ramp after playing crack-the-whip with their tow  lines  .  
 But seriously folks ,  the Duvalls root heartily for each other on the water and are partners in a school for water-skiing-tournament aspirants in Windemere ,  Fla .     Sammy won ' t try a tricks competition unless Camille is there to supervise his tow  line  .  
 He introduced his children to the sport as toddlers ,  and wasn ' t about to take no for an answer .     When Camille balked at taking the  line  at age four ,  she was left to ponder her choice in the middle of a lake .  
 No one and nothing seems prettified .     When the widow Elma Radnor (Mary McDonnell) matter-of-factly fills Joe in on the routine mine tragedies at Matewan as she hangs clothes on the  line  ,  her bone-weariness is palpable .  
 It is known as an aggressive ,  tenacious litigator .     Richard D .  Parsons ,  a partner at Patterson ,  Belknap ,  Webb & Tyler ,  likens the experience of opposing Sullivan & Cromwell to  " having a thousand-pound tuna on the  line  .  "  
 Tipped off that Mr .  Willaby is  " noodling "  -- catching fish illegally by snagging them in the gills or flesh -- two wildlife officials follow the 250-pound fisherman out to Cedar Creek Lake here .     They watch him dive under water with a fishing pole and a very short  line  and catch two flathead catfish ,  one 25 pounds and the other 30 pounds .  
 Perhaps not surprisingly ,  the locals often call the warden .         While noodlers generally drag a  line  with a big hook on it through the water trying to snag a fish ,  Mr .  Willaby wades along river banks and lake shores until he finds holes where fat catfish are laying eggs .     He dives down and pokes his rod and a few inches of line with a baited hook into the nest until the fish bites .  
 It wasn ' t an ordinary tug of war ,  in which two sides pull on opposite ends of a length of rope .     For this contest a pair of tugboats -- what else ?  -- hauled out to midriver two 3 , 000-foot nylon  lines  ,  each of which was tied to a parachutelike sea anchor to increase drag .  
 A few seasons ago ,  he fell into the water wrestling with a large catch .     He hung on to his  line  -- and landed the fish .  
 Although these people live in Big Sky Country -- Montana ,  where a town can have a name that rings with heroic confidence ,  Great Falls ,  Sunburst ,  Victory -- they never achieve the baptism and resurrection that nature has so often promised characters in American fiction .         They may fish and hunt a little ,  but they ' re likely to feel sick about it ,  or bungle the job ,  or snag a dead deer that drowned in the river before they ever cast a  line  .  
 Hooks fly in every direction .      Lines  become tangled .  
 It was a silly thought .     Sitting in a desk chair instead of paddling a canoe ,  pounding cursors instead of casting a  line  ,  and staring into a computer screen instead of peering into the silvery water of a still lake will never ,  for either Dan or me ,  replace the natural rhythms of real fishing .  
 In June ,  Hornby disclosed it had a 5 . 1% stake in Manitowoc and said it may seek control of the company .         Manitowoc ,  a maker of cranes ,  power shovels ,  drag  lines  and other products ,  is based in Manitowoc ,  Wis .  
 Mr .  Coate was on the water but a few minutes when he said ,   " Here they are  .   .   .  let ' s catch some of  ' em .  "      Lines  were lowered and soon one of the rods sprang to life ,  and a shiny bronze walleye was swung on board .  
 So he sells garlic .     In one of his stalls in a back-alley market deep in Seoul ' s south side he sells nothing but garlic: Hundreds of straw  " chops "  or  lines  hang from the ceiling ,  each chop with 100 bulbs of garlic attached to it ,  each bulb containing five to 10 cloves .  
 When the time came to launch ,  we were able to paddle into a flat ocean between wave sets .     Then our little fleet reassembled offshore near a kelp bed ,  where we learned to hook the bow  lines  of our boats to the living kelp: You take your anchors where you find them in this life .  
 In forests ,  their goal is to drape their chutes over the crown of a tree and slide down through the limbs on let-down ropes .     But  " You never really know for sure what ' s waiting for you ,  "  says John Driscoll ,  a former smokejumper who once landed flat on his back on the Alaskan tundra after his chute  lines  twisted and his reserve parachute wrapped around his neck .  (Though he wasn ' t hurt ,   " I can still remember every second of it -- looking up to see the lines twisted and my parachute a worthless balloon over my head ,  "  he says . ) 
 Glassmaster Co .  ,  Lexington ,  S . C .  ,  started trading with the symbol GLMA .     The company makes glass-fiber pleasure boats ,  monofilament  lines  and antennas .  
  " This is not government-dictated planning ,  "  Mr .  Webber says .      " It ' s using government as a productive partner -- a catalyst -- instead of a drag on the  line  .  "  
 So the shark must use stealth to approach its victims from unseen angles .         Shortly after 6 p . m .  ,  the shark grabs a final tuna-head snack off a  line  and glides off into the gloom .  
 They can ,  however ,  be summed up simply: Never think of your limits or distant goals; keep telling yourself to go just a little farther .         If the Daedalus pilot does run out of steam ,  though ,  he can toss a  line  to a chase boat ,  which in theory will be able to keep the aircraft aloft by pulling it to shore like a giant kite .  
 At the best of the local hotels ,  the door was already locked at 7:30 in the evening .     After several rings ,  the proprietor reluctantly showed his guest to a rooftop cell with concrete walls and floor ,  a pile of flea-ridden mattresses ,  no sheets ,  two naked bulbs ,  and a laundry  line  strung with damp clothes .  
  " Grandfather believed in the straight-and-simple method of fishing .     Just a basic green  line  wrapped around a wooden rack with cloth from an old shirt or handkerchief used as lure .  "  
 About three years ago ,  he nearly gave up because he had nothing to sell .     Now his shelves are full ,  and towels and clothes hang from a  line  overhead .  
 MANY LOBSTERS are alive and well and living in lost traps ,  say University of Maine researchers .     During the past two years ,  the scientists have studied  " ghost lobster traps "  -- lost ones that sit on the ocean floor after  lines  to them are severed by storms ,  passing boats and other strains .  
 Self-contained little villages ,  the lot of them made up what was for the week a city ranking somewhere between the 10th and 15th largest in Montana .     In camp ,  draft horses were tethered to their wagons ,  while riding horses and pack horses were set up in temporary corrals or hitched to rope  lines  some distance from the circles .  
  " A two-pound bass on a fly-rod is more fun than a six-pounder on a bait-casting rod ,  "  said Mr .  Kruger .      " Because the rod is so long and you hold the  line  directly in your fingers ,  you can feel every little fin vibration a bass makes .  "  
  "  There ' s none there  .   "     He hurried outside to see if there were any dry ones on the  line   .  
 Not too young  ,  I ' d say  .     A new set of nappies suddenly appearing on the  line  would certainly set the neighbours chattering  .  
 And the neighbours seemed to be very nice  .     One had been hanging clothes on her  line  while they were in the backyard and they had got to talking  ,  and she had invited them in for a cup of tea  .  
 As the two Hindus took in the sail  ,  the old man used the last of the boat ' s way to lay alongside the starboard gangway  .     Jackson  ,  boatswain ' s mate of the watch  ,  took a  line   ,  and shouted for side boys  .  
 Men tumbled from their stations along the deck and the sails spilled their wind  .     Below him  ,  he could see the proa  ,  shattered but still afloat  ,  against the starboard bow  ,  men scrambling up  lines  they somehow had managed to attach to Rapid  .  
 Lifelines had been fastened across the deck  .     The two quartermasters at the wheel had taken turns of  line  about their waists and secured the ends to ringbolts in the deck  .  
 Their task of keeping the bow into the seas had been eased by the sea anchor  ,  but they must still be alert for every plunging movement of the ship  .     Merewether took a turn of  line  about himself and fastened it to the weather shrouds  .  
 He could see the crumpled form lying on the deck  ,  spray driving into him  ,  in danger of being washed over the side  .     Merewether tried to loosen the  line  that secured him to the shrouds and make his way forward to give assistance  .  
 We passed some crumbling houses on the left  .     The clothes on the  line  were flying in the wind  .  
 He didn ' t catch many fish  ,  but it hardly mattered  .     With his  line  out and his pole propped in the damp sand  ,  he sat for hours staring at the Atlantic  .  
 They were soon becalmed and were waiting for help when a fishing boat appeared  .     Without a word the skipper threw the girls a  line  and began to tow them to shore  .  
  "  Catch much  ?   "     Carlos threw his  line  into the water  .  
  "  Sometimes  .   "     Carlos gave his  line  a tug and then felt it ooze back into the water  .  
 A whole worm looked huge in comparison  .     A sharp tug at his  line  made him straighten up suddenly  .   "     Hey  ,  I got a fish  ,   "  he shouted  ,  jerking the line through the water  .     And then suddenly there was no weight on the end of the line  .  .  
 When he pulled up the hook  ,  it was picked clean  .     He stood watching it swing slowly back and forth on the end of his  line   .  
  "  They ' re too smart for you  ,   "  he said  ,  and he chuckled  .     Drew started to tell him about some tricks he used  ,  but Carlos turned his back and rebaited his  line   .  
 He didn ' t need help from that smart aleck  .     Out of the corner of his eye he could see Drew steadily drawing in his  line   .  
  "  Catch anything  ?   "  the leader asked  .   "     Just one  ,   "  Drew answered  ,  pointing to the fish he had tied up on a  line  floating in the water  .  
 Top loading automatic washer with essential cycle and temperature controls  ,  soap or detergent  ,  bleach  ,  water softener  ,  starch  ,  laundry  .     Discuss types of machine dryers  ,  clothes  lines   ,  clothes pins  ,  clothes pin bags  ,  clothes line supports ; types of fabrics and colors  ,  line space available  ,  and weather conditions  .     Wet laundry in clothes basket  ,  clothes line  ,  clothes pins  ,  clothes pin bag  .     When wash is dry  ,  remove from line  ,  article by article  ,  placing pins in bag  .  
 But between the two of us we somehow got it launched  ,  then loaded it with blankets  ,  clean diapers and the last of the milk  .     I sat down in the bow holding the baby  ,  while Sidney untied the  line  and pushed us out into the current with a paddle  .  
 It swirled around under the cache and knocked over the fish racks  ,  and still it kept rising  .     Dad clung to the  line  until the boat was level with the top of the cabin door  .  
 But the loathsome ooze stopped just short of his knees  .     He released a buoy which carried his ascending  line  to the surface  ,  and tested the lung  .     Then he started up the line  .  
 The boat eased alongside  ,  and the buoy was gingerly hauled on deck  .     While one  line  was fastened around a cleat  ,  Commander Wilkin reached inside for the phone  ,  and a moment later was saying  ,   "  Hello  ,  Squalus  ,  this is Sculpin  .  
 The strain had been too great  .     Somewhere along the  line  the strands were parting  ,  and at any minute the cable might snap completely  .  
 Torpedoman 1st Class Jesse Duncan was lowered to hook up the new cable  .     But as he followed the wire down  ,  his  lines  got fouled in those belonging to the chamber  .  
 The chamber was off the bottom  .     Waves were now running some five feet  ,  so the men hauling in on the  line  went with the motion of Falcon  ,  letting out a little whenever she rose  ,  pulling in as she dipped  .  
 I hoped they hadn ' t come for dinner  .     It was going to be important for us to stay together  ,  so I unwrapped the  line  from my waist  ,  and we tied a length to each raft  .  
 I had held back the intestines to use for bait  .     Cherry weighted his  line  with a ring and dropped a hook overboard  .  
 It was a mackerel  ,  about 12 inches long  .     I threw my  line  out and landed a small sea bass  .  
 Strong gusts of wind were churning up the ocean  .     The rafts were bobbing up and down  ,  jerking against the  lines  that held us together  .  
 But things quickly became bleak again  .     We entered another dry period  ,  and sharks carried away our  lines  before we could catch any more edible fish  .  
 Mrs .  Smith was standing looking out of the windows  ,  which opened on the water  .     In the distance a pair of white sailboats were skimming along on the breeze  ,  and closer at hand a water skier was weaving in an intricate pattern at the end of a  line  attached to a motorboat  .  
  "  We ' ll bring the Bristol in  ,   "  he called  ,  indicating a motorboat swaying on its moorings  .     Dick waved that he understood  ,  then lowered his water skis to the sand and started to uncoil a tangled  line   ,  tossing an end to Alan Carlisle  .  
 Set apart by a white picket fence  ,  a neat little house sat securely on a patch of green lawn  .     But the truck hadn ' t stopped  ,  and as they passed she had noticed that clothes were blowing on a  line  behind the house  .  
 When Robin came out of the orchard onto the dirt road of the Village she met the girl with the black braids again  .     The Mexican girl was hanging up clothes on a  line  behind the last cabin in the row  .  
  "  You came here to fish  ,   "  said Galkin  .   "     Put your  line  in the water  ,  then sit down and tell me all about yourself  .   "  
  "  Very good  ,   "  said Galkin  .     He stood up and began reeling in his  line   .  
 Not only that  ,  but the midget sub was about to pull the motor launch down  ,  too  .   "     Cut the  line   !   "  
  "  Courtships in the night are also intriguing  .     The male web-weaver spider woos the female in her web with a series of tugs and tweaks on her  lines   .  
 It was true that there were no spikes in papyrus boats  .     Instead  ,  a block of wood was made fast with rope on top of the reed bundles  ,  and the mast was stepped into it and secured with  lines   .  
 A stay ran to the bow  ,  but none to the stern  .     Instead  ,  a series of harp-like  lines  were secured from the top of the mast to the sides of the craft  ,  extending about two thirds of the way back  .  
 Later I spoke to Georges  ,  pointing out that on this voyage no one was obliged to clean up after anyone else  .     Shortly afterward Georges '  fishing tackle  ,  tape recorder and dirty clothes had been picked off the deck and cabin roof  ,  and he and Carlo began hauling on the same  line  together  .  
 No one had the heart to kill it  ,  however  ,  so it was spared and christened Sinbad  .     With a  line  tied to its foot  ,  it became master of the foredeck  ,  while Safi kept to the cabin area  .  
 The brute fought for a moment until the water foamed about its tail  .     The  line  snapped  ,  and the shark disappeared into the depths  .  
 Now and then Ra heeled so violently that everyone gripped the stays and hung outboard as a counterweight  .     The duck was washed overboard on its  line  time after time  ,  and in the worst of the chaos it broke a leg  ,  which Yuri later had to set  .  
 Little knots of men swarmed over each boat  ,  taking off the canvas covers  ,  clearing the masts and useless paraphernalia  ,  putting in lanterns and tins of biscuits  .     Other men stood at the davits  ,  fitting in cranks and uncoiling the  lines   .  
 The davits creaked  ,  the pulleys squealed  ,  and the boats slowly swung out free of the ship  .     Next  ,  a few feet of  line  were paid out  ,  so that each boat would lie flush with the Boat Deck  .  .  .  or  ,  in some cases  ,  flush with Promenade Deck A directly below  .  
 Then he realized he needn ' t try any longer the boat was floating off  .     He jumped in  .  .  .  cut the stern  lines   .  .  .  yelled for someone to free the bow  .  .  .  and in the next instant was washed out by the same wave that swept off Peter Daly  .  
 They came sputtering to the surface  ,  Abelseth hopelessly snarled in some rope from somewhere  .     He had to free his hands to untangle the  line   ,  and his cousin and brother-in-law were washed away  .  
 Miss Eustis has a somewhat different version :  "  One man was drunk and had a bottle of brandy in his pocket  ,  which the Quartermaster promptly threw overboard  ,  and the drunken man was thrown into the bottom of the boat  .  .  .   "  There was a different kind of trouble in Boat 6  .     Friction erupted from the moment Major Peuchen slid down the  line  to fill out the crew  .  
 The only sound was a wailing baby somewhere in the boat  .      Lines  were dropped  ,  and now the boat was fast  .  
 Hugh Woolner shouted as 14 sailed up  .     Lowe tossed over a  line  and gave them a tow  .  
 He could feel the cage move as it strained against the lashings at each roll  .     What he could not see was how the constant working of the cage was wearing the  line  thin where it was tied to the railing  .     A big sea  ,  a heavy roll  ,  and the line finally parted  .     With the next roll the cage slid a foot  ,  then was stopped by the slackening line  .     On the following roll the cage slid back a foot and Ben ' s great weight behind it shot the cage forward and snapped the remaining lines  .  
 The boat rolled again  ,  and the cage slid away from the winch  .     The men ran with  lines   ,  shouting  ,  trying to get the lines around the cage to snub it tight against the rail  .     Before they could tighten their lines  ,  the cage jerked free  ,  shot across the deck  ,  and struck the winch a mighty timber-shattering blow that caved in one side of the cage  .  
 All animal life was new and full of wonder for Jim as much as for Chet  ,  and he longed to see a fish  ,  to touch its scaly sides  ,  to examine its gills  .     But when ten minutes had passed without a nibble on Chet ' s  line   ,  Jim started to give up hope  .  
 Jim ran to his father  ,  who was studying the ice near the edge of the water  ,  and called  ,   "  Ted ' s got London on the radio  ,  Dad  !   "     They gathered around all but Chet  ,  who went on dangling his  line  stolidly as though the entire success of their journey depended on his luck as a fisherman  .  
 Chet ignored the banter  .     He peered into the dark water as though trying to hocus fish onto his  line  with sheer will power  .  
 He peered into the dark water as though trying to hocus fish onto his  line  with sheer will power  .     Suddenly he stiffened and tugged at the line  .  
  "  Maybe you ' ve caught a whale  !   "     The shining  line  came up out of the water  .  
 Chet stared in dismay  .     A wriggling  ,  flopping creature no more than five inches long dangled from the end of his  line   .  
 May 31  .     We start down another canyon  ,  and reach rapids made dangerous by high rocks lying in the channel ; so we run ashore  ,  and let our boats down with  lines   .  
 We name the group Triplet Falls  .     We make a portage around the first ; past the second and third we let down with  lines   .  
 At such a place  ,  we are letting down the last boat  ,  and  ,  as she is set free  ,  a wave turns her broadside down the stream  ,  with the stem  ,  to which the  line  is attached  ,  from shore  ,  and a little up  .     They haul on the line to bring the boat in  ,  but the power of the current  ,  striking obliquely against her  ,  shoots her out into the middle of the river  .  
 They haul on the  line  to bring the boat in  ,  but the power of the current  ,  striking obliquely against her  ,  shoots her out into the middle of the river  .     The men have their hands burned with the friction of the passing line ; the boat breaks away  ,  and speeds  ,  with great velocity  ,  down the stream  .  
 On examination  ,  I find a horizontal crevice in the rock  ,  about ten feet above the water  ,  and a boat ' s length below us  ,  so we let her down to that point  .     One of the men clambers into the crevice  ,  in which he can just crawl ; we toss him the  line   ,  which he makes fast in the rocks  ,  and now our boat is tied up  .  
 June 22  .     Still making short portages and letting down with  lines   .  
 We run two or three rapids after they have been carefully examined  .     Then we have a series of six or eight  ,  over which we are compelled to pass by letting the boats down with  lines   .  
 This afternoon  ,  we find three falls in close succession  .     We carry our rations over the rocks  ,  and let our boats shoot over the falls  ,  checking and bringing them to land with  lines  in the eddies below  .  
 Our run today is through a canyon  ,  with ragged  ,  broken walls  ,  many lateral gulches or canyons entering on either side  .     The river is rough  ,  and occasionally it becomes necessary to use  lines  in passing rocky places  .  
 To us who are below  ,  it seems impossible to keep the boat from going under the overhanging cliff ; but Powell  ,  for the moment  ,  heedless of Bradley ' s mishap  ,  pulls with all his power for half a dozen strokes  ,  when the danger is past ; then he seizes Bradley  ,  and pulls him in  .     The men in the boat above  ,  seeing this  ,  land  ,  and she is let down by  lines   .  
 Held in this way  ,  the men are able to pull her into a cove  ,  in the left wall  ,  where she is made fast  .     But this leaves a man on the rock above  ,  holding to the  line  of the little boat  .  
 But this leaves a man on the rock above  ,  holding to the  line  of the little boat  .     When all is ready  ,  he springs from the rock  ,  clinging to the line with one hand  ,  and swimming with the other  ,  and we pull him in as he goes by  .  
 In one  ,  the  "  Emma Dean  "  is caught in a whirlpool  ,  and set spinning about ; and it is with great difficulty we are able to get out of it  ,  with the loss of an oar  .     At noon  ,  another is made ; and on we go  ,  running some of the rapids  ,  letting down with  lines  past others  ,  and making two short portages  .  
 Then we let down another boat to the end of its  line  beyond the first  ,  and the third boat to the end of its line below the second  ,  which brings it to the head of the fall  ,  and under an overhanging rock  .     Then the upper boat  ,  in obedience to a signal  ,  lets go ; we pull in the line  ,  and catch the nearest boat as it comes  ,  and then the last  .  
 Then we go  ,  gliding by hills and ledges  ,  with distant walls in view ; sweeping past sharp angles of rock ; stopping at a few points to examine rapids  ,  which we find can be run  ,  until we have made another five miles  ,  when we land for dinner  .     Then we let down with  lines   ,  over a long rapid  ,  and start again  .  
 We land at its mouth  ,  and stop for an hour or two to examine the fall  .     It seems possible to let down with  lines   ,  at least a part of the way  ,  from point to point  ,  along the right-hand wall  .  
 On the shore of this little eddy there is about two feet of gravel beach above the water  .     Standing on this beach  ,  some of the men take the  line  of the little boat and let it drift down against another projecting angle  .     Here is a little shelf  ,  on which a man from my boat climbs  ,  and a shorter line is passed to him  ,  and he fastens the boat to the side of the cliff  .     Then the second one is let down  ,  bringing the line of the third  .  
 In this way  ,  curious little alcoves are formed  ,  in which are quiet bays of water  ,  but on a much smaller scale than the great bays and buttresses of Marble Canyon  .     The river is still rapid  ,  and we stop to let down with  lines  several times  ,  but make greater progress as we run ten miles  .  
 It is with no little misgiving that we see the river enter these black  ,  hard walls  .     At its very entrance we have to make a portage ; then we have to let down with  lines  past some ugly rocks  .  
 Finding I am caught here  ,  suspended 400 feet above the river  ,  into which I should fall if my footing fails  ,  I call for help  .     The men come  ,  and pass me a  line   ,  but I cannot let go of the rock long enough to take hold of it  .  
 We can climb it  ,  and walk along its summit to a point where we are just at the head of the fall  .     Here the basalt is broken down again  ,  so it seems to us  ,  and I direct the men to take a  line  to the top of the cliff  ,  and let the boats down along the wall  .     One man remains in the boat  ,  to keep her clear of the rocks  ,  and prevent her line from being caught on the projecting angles  .  
 She is in swift water  ,  and they are not able to pull her back ; nor are they able to go on with the  line   ,  as it is not long enough to reach the higher part of the cliff  ,  which is just before them ; so they take a bight around a crag  .     I send two men back for the other line  .  
 I stand on a projecting rock  ,  waving my hat to gain his attention  ,  for my voice is drowned by the roaring of the falls  .     Just at this moment  ,  I see him take his knife from its sheath  ,  and step forward to cut the  line   .  
 But he is in a whirlpool  .     We have the stem-post of his boat attached to the  line   .  
 Behind our house in the laundry  ,  Mary and Tessie spent their Mondays on two sides of a big ironing table  ,  passing over the sheets an iron heated by a little coal stove  .     Outside the laundry in a small mosquitoey backyard  ,  bathing suits hung eternally on the  line  ; there was a big coal bin by the fence  .  
 How to hunt animals  .     How to catch fish without a hook and  line  or net  .  
 A wide stream up which launches and small ships moved back and forth  ?     Where people on this hot Saturday morning would be drifting idly in little boats  ,  trailing  lines  in the water  ,  fishing the sandy bottom  ?  
  "  But it was a little longer than that  ,  though at last they were there a farm and its farmyard  ,  lightless  .     The stranger stopped the horse and handed Picklock the  lines   .  
 What do you want me to do  ?   "  broke in Eugene eagerly  ,  interrupting Vautrin  .   "     Almost nothing at all  ,   "  rejoined he  ,  allowing a movement of joy to escape him  ,  inexorable as the expression of the angler who feels a fish at the end of his  line   .   "  
 But if anything happened to you  ,  they could use you for seed  .   "     The Soldier now returned with a long  line  and tied all three firmly together  ,  also lashing them to the body of the Saw-Horse ; so there seemed little danger of their tumbling off  .   "  
 He baited his fish hook  ,  swung his pole  ,  and watched where the bait hit the water and started to sink  .     Almost at once he felt a tug on his  line   .  
 Then Pete heard Ron ' s voice  .     He pulled in his  line  and put his pole between the rocks where the wind couldn ' t reach it  .  
 At all other times they carefully avoid our hens  ,  even to the point as has been often the case of walking right through a cluster of them  ,  looking as smugly self-righteous as you could imagine  .     At other times  ,  both dog fox and vixen have walked slowly under the clothesline as clothes were being hung  ,  and blown flapping  ,  and the wheel of the  line  connected with a tree was squeaking loudly  .  
 The Coast Guard was called about the dead dolphin  .     They came in a cutter and tied a  line  to its tail and began towing the body seaward  .  
 So  ,  on this cool day in late March  ,  I set to work  .     I engaged a cooperative clam digger for the use of his boat in helping me secure a  line  to the tail  .  
 I well remember a particular incident : I came upon the two older boys fishing in the late evening at the side of the pond  .     Two grown men were rigged like wireless stations with every imaginable kind of fish  line  and fish lure  ,  having fun for themselves  .  
 The children are in a tree house high on the west hill  .     They have a perilously hung rope ladder which they tell me adults cannot climb  .  ( And I believe them  ,  for the ropes are the old  lines  from our ancient catboat  .  ) 
 Kuktoy had lived on the island all of his life and had weathered more trials than I ' d ever heard about  .     As a young man  ,  Kuktoy had three of his fingers ripped out of their sockets by getting them fouled in a rawhide harpoon  line  and had doctored them himself  .  
 The stunts performed on the rope were the most interesting to me  ,  however  .     The tightly stretched  line  served as a horizontal bar ; it had just enough spring to allow the contestants to combine their strength  ,  nimbleness  ,  and sense of timing into an astonishing array of acrobatic tricks  .  
 Fastened securely to the pin is a barbless hook similar to a fisherman ' s gaff  .     Throwing the pin-like float  ,  with rawhide  line  attached  ,  over and beyond the dead animal  ,  the hunter drags it back across his prize  ,  snagging it with the sharp hook  .  
 Then he was stopped abruptly a third time  .     The hunter gave the  line  an angry jerk only to be pulled savagely backwards onto the seat of his sealskin pants  .  
 Your father was never fond of fishing  ,  so he didn ' t stock the lake  .     When I was a youngster I was used to waste hours hopefully casting a  line  on to it  ,  until my uncle gently broke it to me that there were no trout in it  .  
 In March it is wise to clean cupboards  ,  and cabinets  .     The closets need a good airing and all the clothes need to be hung on the  line  in the backyard  .  
 The big shrimp boat on the end of the float nearest the mouth of the boat basin seemed to bear the brunt of the flood  .     It rode taut on its  lines   ,  pressed against the float  .  
 Although the large shrimp boat was without a crew  ,  there were men on some of the smaller salmon boats  .     Derrick could hear shouts  ,  groans  ,  curses  ,  as men pushed with pike poles  ,  struggled with  lines   ,  labored over balky engines in an effort to escape  .  
 Jack Clements slowed the engine to make his dock approach  .     The change of pace brought the others up  ,  and Emil came into the pilothouse while the two crewmen went to bow and stern  ,  ready to make the  lines  fast to the dock  .  
 Without the shelter of the small boat harbor  ,  they were pitifully vulnerable to the gale that drove into the bay from the open sea  .     Unless they had stout anchor  lines  and plenty of scope  ,  they would be in trouble  .  
 They used dog bones to make small hooks  ,  pig bones for the medium size  ,  and human bones for large fish hooks  .     Hawaiian fishermen jigged with  lines  fitted with a stone sinker bound to a cowrie-shell lure to catch octopus  .  
 The instant an aku hit a hook  ,  he was jerked into the canoe and flipped off  .     At once  ,  the  line  and hook were back in the water and the free hand of the fisherman stirring the surface again  .  
 Second to the aku fishery in the islands '  modern commercial fishing catch is the long- line  or flag-line fishery  .     Flag-line fishermen cruise offshore  ,  putting out lines that are from five to eight miles long  .  
 Flag- line  fishermen cruise offshore  ,  putting out lines that are from five to eight miles long  .     These long lines are set at intervals with baited hooks marked by floats and buoys  .  
 Another  ,  the most famous of the charter fleets  ,  is at Kailua-Kona  ,  near the famous marlin grounds off the Kona coast  .     The skipper and crew pilot the boat  ,  provide the gear  ,  and bait the  lines   .  
 The first step  ,  after catching one  ,  is to quickly turn the octopus inside out so that his sharp beaklike mouth has no chance to bite  .     Most divers in island waters carry a long  line  on which to string their catch  .  
 Most divers in island waters carry a long  line  on which to string their catch  .     The end of this line is tied to an empty plastic bleach bottle  ,  which serves as a buoy to keep the line floating so the diver can tow his catch a safe distance behind  .  
 Any hungry shark following will come after the fish  ,  not the diver  .     The length of the  line  protects a diver by giving him time to see an approaching shark and swim away  .  
 Some families rig old automobile batteries to an underwater light  .     The fish  ,  attracted by the light  ,  bite the pieces of raw shrimp bait on the hooks dangling from the  lines  of the fishing poles  .  
 Nevertheless  ,  she had no way of asking him why he wasn ' t wearing them  .      Lines  had been stretched between the limbs of the four great pasania trees by the kitchen  ,  and wash now took up every inch of the linen cords that webbed the trees together  .     Maggie  ,  tied beneath the lines  ,  kept running back and forth under the white shapes sportively flapping over her head and every once in a while let out a prolonged howl  .     When the wash was hung  ,  Etsuko walked around between the lines  .  
 The application of pressure in matters of this kind requires a certain delicacy of touch and a measure of patience  .     It is like an angler who has only a light  line  to land a large fish  .  
 It is like an angler who has only a light  line  to land a large fish  .     Anything like a sharp tug will snap the line  ,  contact will be lost and the fish will get away  .  
 He cannot contain his excitement  .     He grabs a shark iron  ,  a keen-edged harpoon with  line  and float attached  ,  and seconds later hurls it deep into the back of a small female that slides beneath him  .  
 The whale is no less astounded than the boy  .     The  line  speeds from the bucket like a living thing  .  
 Three large whales have returned to the scene of action and are circling the victim she is a yearling half-sister of the Little Calf  .     The  line  parts  ,  though whether from a bite or from the sheer impact of a passing body is not at the moment clear  .     Tremaine quickly fastens a new line to the bight of the old one and the captain succeeds in planting a second iron near the whale ' s left flank  .  
 Meanwhile  ,  the Fairy moves in under full power and two sailors carry rifles up to the peak  .     They blaze away at the running whale for an hour and are about to quit from exhaustion when they see the  line  go slack  .  
 The lifeless body rolls in a pink wash  .     They haul her partly out of the sea with the ship ' s tackle and a  line  looped round her flukes  .  
 Sheer chance has led him east  .     He passes by the trailing  lines  of fishermen from Neah Bay and Sekiu and Pysht  .  
 He waves his arm madly and points to the left  .     Men in yellow slickers run on the afterdeck  ,  carrying  lines  and tackle  .  
 The ship backs off with a clang of bells  .     A nylon  line  stretches taut to the whale  ,  dripping along its length and trembling like a fiddle string  .  
 Will he be first  ?     Will the  line  foul his propellers or break his rudder  ?  
  "  By God  ,  we ' ve done it  !   "     The tug moves slowly astern to keep the nylon  line  taut  .  
 The boom leans perilously over the side ; the deck slants ; a bucket bangs against the rail  .     Now a man jerks a slender trip-wire following the  line  from deck to whale  .  
 There is much scratching of heads : Who knows how to shoot a whale  ?     How big a  line  we need to hold him  ?  
 It was heard by ship brokers in Tokyo  ,  and the stock of Matsushita broke half a point  .     Kasuo Fujima opens a roll of cloth in his kit and removes a length of cod  line  with triple hooks  .  
 They move there for an hour and wash clean and white  .     Fujima-san pulls in the  line   .  
 But he was understood in spite of the impolite waves and two crewmen carefully hooked a resplendent chromium ladder to the gunwales  .     Needing no urging  ,  Dennis let go his hold of the parachute  lines  at the same instant that he stretched out his arms to grab the tubular sidepieces  .  
 Hand over hand they pulled in the silk  .     Then as the chute billowed over the small deck  ,  Dennis leaned overboard to gather in the last few feet of the  lines   .  
 Far away upstream a new sound had begun a rumble-grumble like a big jet in the sky  .     We were lucky that Brains was a Scout Life Guard and knew how to heave a  line   .  
 If he hadn ' t it wouldn ' t have reached us  ,  because it was a heavy coil with a long way to go  .     I snubbed the  line  around the wagon seat  ,  and made it good and tight with several half hitches  .  
 Neill felt his anger rising  .     The man was playing them  ,  playing them like fish on a  line   .  
 It ' d been a nasty  ,  cold  ,  rainy day  ,  and the rain was changing to sleet  .     The Cap ' n was staggerin  '  around the slippery deck  ,  but I didn ' t see the lad who usually tossed the  lines   .  
 That was enough distance in this thick air to walk out of sight of each other  ,  as we soon discovered  .     These  lines   ,  not chain but light  ,  tough rope  ,  too strong to be broken  ,  were all one needed to be sure he would not float off in space when he stepped or jumped  .  
 For minutes it was like a slapstick comedy  .     We ' d jump ; we ' d swing out to the ends of our  lines  as if we were flying  .  
 He was playing his own game of hide-and-seek  ,  enjoying the protective coloration of his space suit  .     Dillo touched one of the buttons at the platform  ,  and the spool for the fourth hitch reeled in the  line  slowly  .  
 My thoughts don ' t fire at rocket speed  .     I stood there ; I counted the  lines  twice before the first pang of panic went through me  .  
 Foolishness  .     Doc must have taken Percussie ' s  line   .  
  "  Doc  .  .  .  Calling Doc  .  .  .  Are you there on the fourth  ?   .  .  .  Calling Doc  .  .  .   "  No answer  .     I touched the wind-up button  ,  the spool turned  ,  and the fourth  line  came reeling in  .  
  "  What ' s happened to the chimp  ?     He ' s not on his  line   .   "  
 Dillo was shouting  .   "     Who let the chimp off the  line   ?   "  
  "  He followed the fourth one out of sight  .     The last I saw he was running the  line  through his hand  .  
  "  I mean it could have happened  !     Just as he unfastened himself  ,  he might have seen Doc coming along  ,  with a hand on the  line   .  
 It was like an open stone quarry  ,  cushioned with sponge  .     We stopped at the outer limits of our  lines   .  
 Doc leaped  .     Doc  ,  with not a ghost of a safety  line  attached to him  ,  darted past us like a human rocket  .  
 Dillo shouted  .     Gary had already jumped in straight pursuit and jumping  ,  he swung his arm and threw a wave into the slack of his  line   .  
 Modern echo sounders are so sensitive they can detect shipwrecks and schools of fish  .     The equipment replaces the older technique of throwing a weighted  line  into the sea  .  
 One miscalculation or false move could have knocked the H-bomb off the ledge into deeper water  ,  possibly spilling its deadly contents out and poisoning the Mediterranean Sea over a vast area for many years  .     By means of a special Navy-developed underwater recovery apparatus  ,  lifting  lines  were successfully attached to the H-bomb  ,  bringing it undamaged to the surface  .  
 Ranging too far from an underwater habitat can be dangerous because the diver may not be able to find his way back  .     To prevent any such incident during the Sealab experiment the aquanauts were attached to their dwelling by guide  lines  whenever they swam for any distance  .  
 In a make-believe rescue effort  ,  the porpoise would dive down to the habitat when a buzzer rang  .     An aquanaut would attach a  line  to one of the rings on Tuffy ' s harness  ,  then turn off the buzzer at the habitat  .  
 A second aquanaut  ,  pretending to be lost  ,  would then signal the porpoise by turning on his own buzzer  .     After Tuffy reached the  "  victim  ,   "  the aquanaut would remove the  line  from Tuffy ' s harness and use it as his guide back to the habitat  .  
 Then while I sat at the table and drank orange juice and poured milk over cornflakes  ,  she would talk to me about all the things she ' d already done that day  .   "     Why  ,  I ' ve got a load of wash on the  line  and some ironing done  .  
 And I wondered if it made it harder for Ruby to grow up with a long neck and bony arms and freckles  ,  after she ' d dreamed about being rich and glamorous  .     I went around to the back of the house  ,  and Aunt Lou was coming in from the yard with her clothes basket full of clothes taken down from the  line   .  
 The Secesh rode off  .     Job shook the  lines   .  
 He said he didn ' t know ; they had come there in a wagon  .     I pulled in my  line  and went up the bank  .  
 When Albert Cluveau said that about Ned my heart started beating so fast I thought I might fall  .     I held on tight to the fishing pole till I was steady  ,  then I pulled in my  line  and went back home  .  
  "  Get down now  ,   "  Cluveau said  .     Ned handed Bam the  lines   .  
  "  Tall mulatto in the white cowboy hat said :  "   '  Nough of this  .     Langlois  ,  fetch two plow  lines  off that wagon  .   "     Sappho said he was running before the tall mulatto mentioned the plow lines  ,  he just started running faster when he heard it  .  
 To cover his confusion at having let the sound escape him  ,  he became very busy with the bait and floats and sinkers  .     He even baited up Helene ' s  line  for her  ,  and in a few moments their floats were bobbing on the waves  .  
  "  Got one  !     Got one  !   "  he cried  ,  reeling in his  line   .  
 In an hour several dozen fish lay in the net on the bottom of the boat  .   "     That ' s it  ,  I think  ,   "  the Professor said  ,  reeling in his  line   .  
 Looking down  ,  Jeremy saw the water turning pink below his neck  .     As the throbbing pain in his temple increased  ,  he knew it was too far to shore and too far to reach for a handhold on one of the boats '  anchor  lines   .  
  "  It ' s all right  ,   "  he said  .     On Parker Street the buildings seemed to be dwellings  ,  to judge from the  lines  of wash near them  .  
 Come here and give me a hand  .   "     While the two detectives were chatting  ,  the skipper on his own initiative had baited a  line  and apparently hooked a massive fish  .  
 The Negro had the  line  and it was hard to tell who was pulling what  ,  when LePeters saw Boners march to the rear of the boat  ,  yank out a pistol  ,  and with perfect aim drill two shots through the fish ' s head  .   "     What the fuck ' d you do that to the fish for  ?   "  said the skipper  ,  holding a suddenly slack line  .  
 As she moved gracefully about on the glazed and frozen lawn  ,  I realized that she was wearing ice skates  !     I watched as she swooped down upon her clothes basket  ,  extracted a piece of clothing  ,  took several happy turns about the yard  ,  then glided back to her  lines  to hang a garment  .  
 But he had other gifts  .     He could set snares  ,  lobster pots or a long  line  better than anyone in the locality  .  
  "  Yes  ,  ma ' am  .     I intend to  ,   "  he said  ,  almost insolently  ,  backing toward the beds and uncoiling the  line   .   "  
 She waited while her host removed a dismantled speaker assembly on his single upholstered chair and flicked the cushion in a grand manner with his pocket handkerchief  .     She took the hand he offered to aid her cakewalk to the chair over the coiled  lines   .  
 We could hear voices and shouted orders  .     At length  ,  a signal was given and men started pulling on the  line  which ran through the block at the peak of the tripod  .  
 He switched over from manual to remote operation  ,  putting Betty now under control of Hal  .     It was a standard safety precaution ; though he was still secured to Betty by an immensely strong spring-loaded cord little thicker than cotton  ,  even the best safety  lines  had been known to fail  .  
 He would look a fool if he needed his vehicle and was unable to call it to his assistance by passing instructions to Hal  .     The door of the pod swung open  ,  and he drifted slowly out into the silence of space  ,  his safety  line  unreeling behind him  .  
 Betty continued to accelerate on her runaway course  .     Then  ,  towed behind her at the end of the safety  line   ,  appeared a spacesuit  .  
 The euphoria that flowed over him masked out all reality and the scent was all there was  .     When the shelf had torn loose from the wall  ,  a quarter-inch nylon  line  had slipped off a three-inch common nail on the top of the plank  ,  over which it had been looped  .     Lashing like a thin white snake  ,  the line had whipped out through a hole in the roof and across the downward slope  ,  dislodging several shingles and two irate herring gulls on the way  .  
 Later that night he scraped together as much debris as he could find in the cabin and tried to bury the untouched coon  .     Doc Painter had fastened a  line  to the water can and withdrew it the next morning  ,  refilling it and slipping it back in again under the door  .  
 Each day he crouched back in a corner as he heard the old man struggling up the slight slope from the beach  .     He crouched and he waited as the door inched up and the water bucket was withdrawn on the end of its  line   .  
 On certain days the waves weren ' t big enough to make much difference  ,  but at other times they were mountainous  ,  and he would arrive home soaked to the skin and aching in every muscle  .     But he loved it  ,  and he never got over the thrill of feeling the sudden tug when a fish hit his  line   .  
 The eldest boy had got over his seasickness  ,  and he and the middle one sat in numbed silence in the stern  .     When they reached the dock  ,  Bubba made the  lines  fast and then helped the woman out of the boat  .  
 If it ' s all that important  ,  I ' ll come  .   "     They went to the shed where Liscom kept his  line  and pulleys  ,  and then  ,  spaced about twenty yards apart so as not to attract attention  ,  they made their way to Jules Lenihan ' s house  .  
 Now  ,  if someone was to cut the arm of that hoist almost through  ,  then the first time Doc got a good heavy dredge-load outa the water the arm ' d most likely break  ,  and the whole thing ' d go straight to the bottom  .     Might even take Doc with it  ,  if he got fouled up in the  line   .  
  "  All right  ,  you red lobsters  ,  avast there  ,   "  he bellowed  .   "     Throw your captain a  line  and help haul me aboard  .  
 The Yard Families fortunate enough to have yard space are no doubt already using it for soft ball  ,  pitching practice  ,  touch football  ,  and the like  .     Badminton is a great family game  ,  and a clothes  line  may be used for a net in a pinch  .  
 Each child crayons a design on his or hers  ,  after he has printed his name in big letters  .     The cardboards are stapled to a long  ,  strong  line   ,  which then can be looped around the room  ,  or between posts or trees  ,  or along a fence  .  
 In cap and gown I slipped almost unnoticed into the senior procession  ,  as it rounded the corner of the hedge  ,  on its way to the church  .     I didn ' t hear much of what President Hutchins said  ,  for my mind was divided between our last tablecloth  ,  now drying I hoped on the  line   ,  and keeping Susan ' s voluminous gown from disclosing my bare legs  .  
 He watched Mr .  Murray back the truck out of his garage and start for town  ,  passing a gray car coming in the other direction  .     Mrs .  Murray had hung out her wash of many colors on the  line  a shirt  ,  another shirt  ,  overalls  ,  underpants  ,  pajamas an indecipherable signal in flags  .  
 They never went where they could not ride  .     Thinking of the days of waiting on the riverbank  ,  I wished I had provided him with hooks and a  line   .  
 For tedious seconds nothing happened  .     Then there was a series of sharp bangs as some of the tow  lines  parted  .  
 Again there was a shuddering  ,  then a noise like a small cannon being fired  .     A tow  line  thrashed back across the deck  ,  tearing off a bollard and hurling it through the corner of the bridge  .  
 A bucket at his side was overflowing with pollack  .     He hauled the  line  in  ,  baited it carefully with a piece of bacon  ,  and lobbed it back into the sea with a splash  .  
 So the men made their own  .     Men forged hooks and filched nylon  lines  from aerial kites and weather balloons  .  
 At the moment  ,  he had a large conger eel fighting in a sack at his feet  .     He was holding the strong  line  delicately in his big hands  .  
  "  Pull  ,   "  shouted Boris  .     Igor grabbed the  line  and put a turn round his wrist  .  
  "  Help me play it  ,  you fool  .     It ' ll break the  line   .  
  "  The two men hauled on the fish  .     It dragged yards of  line  into the water  ,  but they gradually drew it back  .  
 The fishermen ran back with him to Boris  .     Many hands grabbed the  line  from the panting cook  .  
 Many hands grabbed the  line  from the panting cook  .     His palms were slashed and bleeding where the line had burned deep furrows in them  .  
 The Cossack was fishing  .     As Albert watched  ,  he began pulling in a long  line  he was trailing behind the cutter  .  
 Igor unhooked the fish and dropped it into the top of the nearest box  .     Then he threw the  line  back into the sea  .  
  "  This time I ' m doing it myself  ,   "  said Ace  .     He climbed over into the cutter and untied the  line   .  
 The red bra they ' d all seen  ,  and several others that the men hoped to see again filled  .     At first the men tried to avoid being caught looking at the  line   .  
 Victoria ' s nails scored his back  .     Igor retreated from the cave  ,  paying out the  line  as he went  .  
 He stood a few yards away  ,  to one side of the entrance  .     Then he jerked the  line   ,  suddenly  ,  and clasped his hands over his ears  .  
 Even so  ,  the sheer clutter in that basement took a bit of sorting out  ,  especially in that dim light  .     One wall had a floor-to-ceiling spread of wall-bars on gymnasium  lines   .  
 The gunboat took its prize in tow  ,  as the flagship signaled retirement for the small boats  .     The brigs and schooners advanced to get  lines  aboard their charges while the frigate  ,  supporting with heavy fire  ,  moved in toward the rocks through water that foamed with a hail of enemy projectiles  .  
  "  I ' ll have the boats over to tow  ,  if you please  ,   "  the captain ordered  .     Boats dropped into the water  ,  snaked out  lines   ,  and men bent to the oars  .  
  "  Hull considered the suggestion a moment  .   "     All right  ,  Mr .  Morris  ,  have everything over five inches made up into a  line   ,  and send the launch and cutter ahead with a kedge anchor  .  
  "  The kedge went down nearly a mile from the ship  .     Men fell to on the capstan  ,  winding in the  line   .  
 The Saratoga came next  ,  followed by the Ticonderoga and the Preble  .     Mobility had been provided for by attaching spring  lines  to the anchor cables  ,  one on each side the ships could be moved in position by hauling in on one line  ,  while paying out on the other  .  
 The moment had come when the kedges must do their work  ,  must wind the ship around  ,  so that the port tier of guns could be brought to bear upon the enemy  .     He shouted commands that sent an anchor plunging from the stern  ,  while men cut the forward cable and others bent to the capstan  ,  winching in the  line  to the starboard kedge  .  
 Pass it forward  ,  get it under the bows and astern  .   "     Men struggled to position the heavy  line  ; once more the capstan clanked its turns  .  
 The Saratoga moved again  ,  completing her swing  ,  inch by inch  ,  with port guns firing as they bore  .     When it was observed aboard the Confiance that the American ship was swinging  ,  a lieutenant had spring  lines  bent to his anchor cable in order to wind ship in similar fashion  .  
 At the very moment when the man was apparently doomed to strike the hard edge of the apron and be dragged along its abrasive surface  ,  the parachute tilted again  ,  traded a share of downward motion for lateral slip  ,  and drifted serenely over the grass  .     He struck and clutched at the  lines  while teetering  ,  stumbled and rolled as the billowing canopy began to drag him heedlessly along the ground  .  
 Sig was first on the scene  .     When he snatched at the shroud  lines   ,  set his heels and pulled  ,  Danny did the same  .  
 He removed the tape and the glass  ,  setting them carefully on the roof next to the molding  .     At the same time  ,  Sally opened a small metal box she had been carrying and took out a long  line  with several fishhooks tied to one end  .  
 From a plastic bag in the box she chose a few slices of fish which had been taken from their remaining stock  .     She baited the hooks and turned the  line  over to Freddy  .     Spreading full-length on the edge of the skylight  ,  Freddy lowered the line into a likely-looking tank directly underneath the open pane  .  
 Freddy reached into the box and brought out a small fishing rod in three sections  .     He fitted two of them together  ,  strung the  line  along its length  ,  and then  ,  dropping the whole apparatus through the open pane  ,  extended it over the next tank and lowered the hooks  .  
 George could see  ,  dimly against the water  ,  the shadows of several fish warily circling their unexpected midnight snack  .     In a short while there was a tug on the  line   .  
 The museum raises the best catfish for eating in the world  .   "     Freddy quickly brought up six or seven catfish  ,  and then Sally took over the  line   .  
  "  The tank Lynn was referring to was in the deepest of the shadows  ,  but they could all make out several shapes moving to and fro in the turgid waters  .   "     One more it is  ,   "  agreed Sally  ,  and she turned the  line  over to Lynn  .  
 Lynn took her place on the ledge and dropped her hand through the opening  .     With the rod extended over the tank  ,  she lowered the  line  into the middle of the circling shapes  .  
 She fought like a professional  ,  holding the rod inside the skylight  ,  while George added his weight to her pull  .     Freddy reached through the opening and grasped the  line   .  
 The one Lynn had hooked measured about two feet in length ; George saw that they could never get it up even if they had wanted to  .   "     Hold the rod  ,   "  Freddy repeated grimly ; he began sawing on the  line  with his penknife ; the shark was twisting at the end  ,  swinging back and forth like a pendulum  .  
  "  Hold the rod  ,   "  Freddy repeated grimly ; he began sawing on the  line  with his penknife ; the shark was twisting at the end  ,  swinging back and forth like a pendulum  .     As Freddy slashed through the line  ,  Lynn and George toppled over backward  ,  and the shark  ,  as amazed as any of them  ,  dropped with a towering splash into the piranha tank  .  
 Sally  ,  Freddy  ,  Lynn  ,  and George scrambled back across the branch  ,  down to the earth  ,  and out of the museum grounds as fast as they could  .   "     I hope the  line  disappears in the fight  ,   "  Freddy said as he replaced the ladder in the little equipment shed from which he had borrowed it  .  
 There ' s one thing she said I can remember word for word :  "  Chichella  ,  don ' t worry about people knowing how rich or how poor you are  .     They can always tell from the copper hanging in your kitchen or the sheets on your  line   .  
  "  There is smoke coming from the millhouse  ,   "  the old man said  .   "     There are also clothes hanging on a  line   .   "  
 However  ,  let it be understood that no one should dive without some type of personal float  ,  such as an inflatable vest  ,  in addition to a surface float  .     A good automobile inner tube with attached  line  makes a very effective and practical surface float for resting  .  
 As he came alongside  ,  a hatchway opened in the side of the ship above him  .     A  line  was played down to the rowboat  .  
 Trigano grasped it and tied it securely around his bundles  .     Then he tugged twice on the  line   .  
 Who ever would have guessed  ,  when they made fast to the shore  ,  that in ten minutes the diving suit would be called for in such a frantic hurry  ?     The air pump whispered steadily in his ear as he trailed pipe and  lines  behind him  .  
  "  Well  ,  no  ,  Sam  ,   "  Alice said kindly  ,   "  it is really time for us to go anyway  .     Perhaps next time we come  ,  you will put a fence round the washing  line   .  
 It reached far out into the Bay of Kiel  .     At that long jetty  ,  many a British warship had fastened her  lines  for a friendly visit during the internationally famous  "  Kieler Week  "  of the Kaiser ' s era  .  
 Our rusty boat berthed near the stern of the tender Lech  .     The  lines  were not yet fully secured when Kern  ,  the Exec  ,  crossed to the liner to arrange for the crew ' s lodging and for Eckstein ' s last journey to his hometown  .  
 Early on the third day after our encounter with the British cruisers  ,  we found the lonely Belchen at the designated place  .     Approaching slowly  ,  we identified ourselves  ,  exchanged courtesies through the megaphone  ,  and caught the  line  to which the oil hose was fastened  .  
 At 1300 we were met by a minesweeper  ,  sent to a predesignated point to guide us through the mine-infested waters to Lorient  .     Some of our seamen prepared white pennants and hoisted them on a  line  fastened to the protruding periscope head  .  
 How satisfying it was to be expected  ,  how good it was to have survived  !     A military band launched into a resounding march as U-557 came alongside the quay and fastened her  lines   .  
 The month of August in  '  41 was but a few days old when U-557 sailed for her second patrol  .     At 1400 we removed the  lines  from the pillars  .  
 Both full stop  .     Fasten all  lines   .  
 Thus taken between the two vessels  ,  U-415 began her slow march into port  .  0445 : Maneuvering with difficulty on our one lame diesel  ,  I aimed my ship toward the illuminated square in the bunker  ,  where I saw a few black figures waiting on the pier  .     The bow bounced off the concrete head wall  ,  but the  lines   ,  already fastened at the pillars on land  ,  held the boat steady  .  
 The crew strolled aboard in small groups  ,  as inconspicuously as possible  ,  so as not to suggest to the French dockhands of the night shift that we might be sailing  .     At midnight we removed the  lines  from the pillars  .  
 Time : 2120  ,  August 22  ,  1944  .     Only a few seamen were on deck to handle the  lines   .  
  "  Never mind  ,  you get out of here before it ' s too late  .   "     A few commands  ,  and the  lines  were removed from the pillars  ,  the gangway pushed back to the pier  .  
 We looked more like undernourished and fatigued jungle fighters  .     Our  lines  were thrown ashore  .  
 Here the overhaul of my boat could be guaranteed  ,  whereas a stay in Kiel would only jeopardize her existence  .     One hour after we had fastened our  lines  we removed them again  .  
 We had nothing to show for our long and agonizing voyage nothing at all except our lives  .     Gray clouds hung low in the sky when U-953  ,  once again old and rust bitten  ,  fastened her  lines  at the quay  .  
  "  Angermann was reciting still more horrors when another small new boat plowed up to the pier  .     A man threw a  line   .  
 Since very few incoming midshipmen know anything about seamanship and navigation  ,  courses in that department begin with the simplest things  .     Men who will one day command atomic-powered vessels first learn to knot and splice  line  and to row a boat  .  
 As before  ,  we drifted down upon it  .     Tackles were made fast and  lines  flung to the men  ,  who scrambled aboard like monkeys  .  
 Then he was carried aft and flung into the sea  .     Forty fifty sixty feet of  line  ran out  ,  when Wolf Larsen cried  "  Belay  !   "  
 But at the moment of contact Thomas Mugridge cried out  .     Then he came in like a fresh-caught fish on a  line   ,  clearing the rail generously and striking the deck in a heap  ,  on hands and knees  ,  and rolling over  .  
  "  Take a turn  ,   "  he said quietly to the man  .     The boat puller obeyed  ,  taking a turn around the little forward thwart and paying the  line  as it jerked taut  .  
 Furling the sail and lashing it securely about the mast  ,  boom  ,  sprit  ,  and two pairs of spare oars  ,  I threw it overboard  .     A  line  connected it with the bow  ,  and as it floated low in the water  ,  practically unexposed to the wind  ,  it drifted less rapidly than the boat  .  
 But I complained no more and set about making a tent of the sail for Maud  .     I had looked upon it as a simple task  ,  what of the oars  ,  mast  ,  boom  ,  and sprit  ,  to say nothing of plenty of  lines   .  
 To prevent the butts of the masts from slipping on the deck  ,  I nailed down thick cleats  .     Everything in readiness  ,  I made a  line  fast to the apex of the shears and carried it directly to the windlass  .  
 The masts  ,  booms  ,  and gaffs I had cleared were gone  .     He had found the  lines  which held them and cast them adrift  .  
 My wrists and arms ached intolerably  ,  and though I had eaten heartily of a twelve o ' clock lunch  ,  I had worked so hard that I was faint from hunger  .     I pulled in the oars and bent forward to the  line  which held the tow  .  
 I found a light kedge anchor in the fore hold  ,  where such things were kept  ,  and with a deal of exertion got it on deck and into the boat  .     With a long running  line  coiled down in the stern  ,  I rowed well out into our little cove and dropped the anchor into the water  .  
 There was no wind  ,  the tide was high  ,  and the schooner floated  .     Casting off the shore  lines   ,  I kedged her out by main strength  ,  the windlass being broken  ,  till she rode nearly up and down to the small anchor too small to hold her in any breeze  .  
 So it ' s up to you to go an  '  get it  .   "     He cut a short pole at the water ' s edge and drew from one of his pockets a bit of  line  and a draggled fly that had once been a royal coachman  .   "  
 Of course  ,  you can ' t keep an animal like that in a tiny pen all the time  .     He needed exercise  ,  so we rigged up a  line  between two trees about 40 feet apart in the side yard  .  
 I ' d seen it work once on a large hunting dog  .     With assorted children in attendance  ,  I led the donkey to the  line   .     Then Chris  ,  who was ten  ,  snapped the catch onto the exercise line  .  
 We went in and watched him through the window  .     He walked the length of the  line  twice  .  
 That was his contemplative look  .     Then  ,  deliberately and with amazing delicacy  ,  he closed his front teeth over the spring of the latch on the exercise  line   .  
 He was investigating a routine complaint  ,  he said  ,  but we were in the clear as far as he was concerned ; Jack was a fine healthy donkey  .     He asked about exercise  ,  and we showed him the exercise  line   .  
 He quavered  ,   "  Friendly  ,  isn ' t he  ?   "     After that  ,  every morning  ,  if he was out on the exercise  line   ,  Jack would bugle a salute to Mr .  MacIntosh as he passed  .  
  "  Cleat up  ,   "  the Captain ordered  .     A deckman fastened the tow  line  to a cleat in the middle of the boat  .  
 At the height of the American jumping craze the chief of the Soviet Air Force  ,  General Jacob Alksnis  ,  sent an officer named Sergei Mienov to the United States as an observer  .     At Roosevelt Field  ,  Long Island  ,  the Russian visitor saw a fifteen-year-old girl jump from a height of 2 , 000 feet and get snarled in her  lines   .  
 If you see blue sky through more than one panel  ,  pull your reserve  .  .  .   .     Start preparing your landing immediately  .     Watch for smoke or flags to see how the wind is blowing on the ground  .  .  .   .     Put your arms up on the shroud  lines  and grab a handful  .  
 Britain ' s paratroops had chutes that opened more gently than the American type  .     A small pilot chute came out first  ,  then the supporting  lines   ,  and finally the big canopy  .  
 Screened by the Burza against possible attack  ,  the crew of the Campbell swiftly began to follow Commander Hirshfield ' s orders  .     Four men stripped off their clothes  ,  tied  lines  about their waists and slipped into the freezing water  .     Each held in his mouth a cork tied to a light line  .     These light lines were attached to heavier ones that were connected with a collision mat  .  
 The men were to swim down to the hole in the hull and push the corks through it so they would bob to the surface inside the ship  .     There  ,  other men would grasp the  lines  attached to the corks  .  
 Soon a detachment of sailors gathered at the base of the lighthouse to work out a way to get Thompson down  .     Homemade kites with  lines  attached were flown up in the air  .  
 On the deck of the Winslow  ,  Ensign Worth Bagley stood ready to catch it  .     Before the  line  could be cast  ,  a shell struck the Winslow  ,  instantly killing Bagley and three torpedo men  .     Despite the enemy fire  ,  which now seemed to be entirely concentrated on the two struggling ships  ,  the line was thrown  .  
 The others were to follow once the lifeboat was in the water  .     But one of the Wellington men  ,  afraid that the heavy seas would smash the small boat against the side of the ship  ,  cut the  line   .  
 After more than three hours in the water  ,  Brown was picked up  .     As he reached for the  line  thrown from the Warrington he was feebly shouting  ,   "  I had eighteen men  .  
 Burke ' s calculations were slightly off  .     He had to start the engines again to get his plane close enough to throw a  line  to the raft  .  
 With a wild scream he dived into the shark-filled waters  .     But his partner had enough strength to drag him back and then to grab Burke ' s  line   .  
 We spend the whole day on the water  .     Pascal fishes with a  line  that has a number of hooks on it  .  
 The battle of the Coral Sea had been fought ten long  ,  long days ago  .     Kortland could look down upon the nearly lifeless thing swinging up on the  line   .  
 And here they were  ,  nearing the breakwater  ,  and the civilian pilot was coming on board to lay them alongside the finger pier  ,  bright in the blazing lights which revealed all the feverish activity of the yard  .     The  lines  were hardly secured before a dozen men were ready to come on board naval officers and civilians in approximately equal numbers  .  
  "  Let ' s have it  !   "  said the warrant bosun to the shadowy men at his side ; and he did not say  "  it  "  ; he substituted a dirty noun for the pronoun  ,  as unnecessarily as ever  .     He took the heaving  line  in his hands  ,  deftly seized half a dozen coils in his right hand while his left loosely held the remainder  ,  and whirled the weight with the full strength of his arm  .     The weight soared off into the darkness  ,  and the line ran smoothly out from his left hand  .     Had it been daylight  ,  the warrant bosun would have fired a line out of a gun  ,  but in darkness that would mean a revealing flash  .  
 Human muscle and skill had to take the place of a gun  ,  and if the  line  were badly thrown  ,  if it fell short and had to be recoiled and re-thrown  ,  five minutes would be wasted  ,  and  ,  with many ships to fuel  ,  a similar mistake at each would make a total of many minutes lost  ,  and in so many minutes  .  .  .  The warrant bosun did not know that Nelson had once said that at sea five minutes can make the difference between victory and defeat  ,  but he felt that truth in his bones after twenty years in the Navy  .     The weight shot off into the darkness  ,  trailing the line behind it  ,  and the warrant bosun uttered a grunt of morose satisfaction at feeling the line catch and hold  .  
 Someone on the battleship ' s forecastle had seized it  .     Megaphones shouted orders over the wind  ,  and the heaving  line  ran steadily out to the battleship  .  
 There was a two-inch messenger  line  attached to the heaving line the warrant bosun was responsible for the vital knot which joined them and  ,  by the time the two-inch line was being hauled into the battleship  ,  the warrant bosun was ready to follow it with a 3-1/2-inch line  ,  and that was followed by a five-inch line  ,  and that was strong enough to have entrusted to it the immense Manila towline on which the rest of the operation depended  .     From other parts of the ship  ,  other heaving lines had been thrown  ,  other messengers passed  ,  now that the two ships were riding together more or less comfortably harnessed together with the heavy Manila  .  
 It was up to him to ease the strain or take it up  ,  keeping the ships at a constant distance apart without allowing the towline to break under the continual jerks to which the waves subjected it  .     If that  line  should part  ,  everything else  ,  including the precious hoses which the booms were beginning to swing out over the gap  ,  would be torn asunder  .  
 He was wet and hungry and weary but the Fleet oiler was moving up alongside the carrier  ,  and the warrant bosun had to leave off swearing  .     Those messenger  lines  had to be passed  ,  and he could save five minutes if he made quite sure that they went over at the first attempt  .  
 It might even be expressed more forcibly still : The admiral at the battleship ' s bridge  ,  the admiral with the broad gold on his sleeve  ,  irascibly signalling  "  Expedite  ,   "  was at that particular moment a less important person than the warrant bosun  ,  wet through  ,  worn out  ,  and yet still swinging out the boom and hose with all the accurate judgement of twenty years of experience  .     The work had begun before daylight ; and night was about to fall when the last  line  was cast off and faked down  .  
 When she was not helping her mother make bread  ,  or sliding pots of bubbling brown beans in or out of the big oven at the side  ,  or basting great joints of meat  ,  she was on her knees scrubbing the wooden floors  ,  their planks worn smooth by the steady tattoo of many feet and by sanding and scouring  .     Or she was washing the big tubful of clothes that accumulated so quickly  ,  hanging them out to dry on a  line  that reached all the way across the clearing behind the house  .  
 As they walked through the warm  ,  clear air  ,  the Colonel breathed it in deeply  ,  exhaled with a sigh  .   "     One a day like this  ,  a body should be allowed to do his work and later perhaps take a pole and  line  and think of naught but fat trout  ,   "  he said regretfully  .  
 The King had no success and was just about to abandon his efforts when Nell with a sprightly laugh urged him :  "  But see  ,  Sire  ,  you have got a bite at last  .   "     Sure enough  ,  when the King pulled in his rod  ,  he found half a dozen fried smelts at the end of the  line   ,  tied to his hook with a silken thread  .  
 A trout was rising just upstream  .     I paid out some  line  wishing it would always stay thus soft and dry and  ,  measuring the distance with a false cast or two  ,  laid down a spent gnat exactly a foot above his last swirl  .  
 One bush  ,  with its brown stem laved in the middle current  ,  shook with a perpetual silent laughter  ,  as if to mock at any fly that gods or men might cast one inch beyond its outermost leaf  .     For the duration of a cigarette I sit on a rock midstream and watch my trout rise under his guardian bush  ,  while my rod and  line  hang drying on the alders of the sunny bank  .  
 Ready now  !     Coil up the dry  line  and stand midstream  ,  rod in instant readiness  .  
 It ' s coming a little premonitory shiver in that aspen on the hill lets me get out half a cast  ,  and swish it gently back and forth  ,  ready for the main puff to hit the pool  .     No more than half a  line   ,  mind you  !  
 In a few minutes he  ,  too  ,  is kicking in the creel  .     I sit in happy meditation on my rock  ,  pondering  ,  while my  line  dries again  ,  upon the ways of trout and men  .  
 With cat-like care not to roil his majesty ' s bath  ,  I step in  ,  and stand stock-still for five minutes to let things calm down  .     The while  ,  I strip out  ,  oil  ,  dry  ,  and coil upon my left hand thirty feet of  line   .  
 I blow upon my fly to give it one last fluff  ,  lay it on the stream at my feet  ,  and quickly pay out coil after coil  .     Then  ,  just as the  line  straightens out and the fly is sucked into the jungle  ,  I walk quickly downstream  ,  straining my eyes into the dark vault to follow its fortunes  .  
 Courageous because although the catch was better the weather was a greater risk the farther you sailed from overfished home waters  .     Foolhardy because one day if you persisted you would lose all your gear pots  ,  nets  ,  and  lines  in the sudden storms that brought in the terrible ground sea from the illimitable westward ocean  .  
 Korean and Indian fighting kites are so sensitive to the touch of the handler that they will alight within an inch or two of where he directs them to go  .     The celebrated Indian kite-flyer Surendra Bahadur could fly a kite six inches off the ground ; also  ,  he could tell a kite ' s height by listening to the wind on the  line   .  
 Kite battles are fought daily from roofs and fields in Asia  .     The combatants glaze their kite  lines  with a mixture of paste and ground glass  ,  then take their positions with highly maneuverable kites  .  
 The combatants glaze their kite  lines  with a mixture of paste and ground glass  ,  then take their positions with highly maneuverable kites  .     Lines cross  ,  overlap  .  
 Did it fly  ?     Superbly with 200 rapt kite-fliers handling the  lines   .  
 Keep the wind at your back  .     Try for a smooth  ,  easy launch  ,  a steady climb  ,  a steep angle of  line  without undue sag  ,  an even flight  ,  and a firm return to your hand  .  
 I add my own non-expert suggestion : Keep your eyes on the kite  .     The  line  may break ( mine has )  .  
 He went over to stand by Rick  .     We tossed the  lines  over the side  ,  setting the fishing boat adrift  .  
 I got the lifting capacity figures for helium and hydrogen  .     It turns out that if our friend used a specific type of chute  ,  which is common with skydivers  ,  you could inflate a balloon within the shroud  lines  and the canopy  .  
 He made him the gardener of the Kingdom  ,  to drive away the sparrows from the King ' s head  .  48  .     Old Hiram ' s goat was feeling fine  ,  ate three red shirts right off the  line   .  
 And just west of Stratford I left Potiphar in charge of himself  ,  because I knew a stop would wake up Parson  ,  and I got my clothes and gear out of the van  ,  and wrote on my slate  ,   "  Gone home  ,   "  and looked at Parson asleep and felt sad  .     I went around and stopped Potiphar and weighted his  lines  with a rock  ,  and gave his fine big round rump a pat  .  
 The new lobster boat charged into Hawkeye ' s inlet and bumped into his wharf  .     Trapper and Lucinda jumped out  ,  threw a  line  to Billy Pierce  ,  and ran up the lawn  .  
 Maybe next year they could rope the hay off the rack  .     Jesse stood up and took the  lines  from George  .  
  "  Hah  !   "     Jesse shouted  ,  leaning back  ,  his arms flexed against the rhythmic pull of the  lines  as the horses marched close beside the huge logs of the barn  .  
 The team stopped abruptly  .     He made a half-hitch with the  lines  at the top of the hayrack ' s middle upright  ,  and turned to take his fork  .  
  "  Whoa  !   "     George cried  ,  and pulled on the  lines  so hard that he sat down almost on top of his father ' s head  .  
 We found the house really has a board floor under all that dirt  .     We washed all the bedding  ,  and it ' s hanging on the  line  right now  .  
  "  But the only hope for the women and children was the launch  .   "     A boat carrying a  line  was hurled into the cove at the cost of one broken arm  .  
 All of the used clothing that arrives in Kabul from the States looks like new  ,  if a little out of style  .     It is shipped after being dry-cleaned and pressed and then  ,  when it gets to the bazaars  ,  is hung on hangers on clothes  lines  stretched over the streets from store front to store front  .  
 There is nothing like the used clothing bazaar in Kabul on a windy November day  .     Etched against the bleak  ,  drab sky are sweaters  ,  suits  ,  and long underwear that dance merrily in the breeze on myriad  lines  high above your head  .  
 The figure of a man loomed suddenly above him and Ason raised his sword until he saw the other was unarmed  ,  his face and head caked with dried blood  .     Ason slashed at the  line   .  
 Let me take one ' s place and row with you  .   "     The  line  fell free and the galley began to move out  .  
 A thin and broad-shouldered young man named Pylor  ,  from the island of Kea  ,  said that he had much diving experience after the sponges that grew offshore there  ,  and he volunteered to look under the galley  .     A  line  was tied under his arms and he dived and came up quite soon after  .  
 There was more shouting and laughter and then the galley shuddered as the ship bumped against them  .     Feet thudded on the cabin roof  ,  while another Sidonioi jumped down to the foredeck with a  line   ,  bending to tie it securely  .  
 Every bit of leather available had been gathered and braided into ropes to tie about the stone  .     These were the anchor  lines  for two long  ,  thick leather cables that stretched out ahead  ,  well rubbed with fat to keep them soft and supple  .  
 The ropes that had been used to lift the legs were now lashed securely to the log behind the stone  ,  and the lifting was ready to begin  .     One hundred and fifty men picked up each  line   .     They would pull the top of the shear-legs away from the stone  ,  and the lines tied to the short crossbar would pull the stone to a vertical position  .     If everything went correctly Inteb ordered the slack be taken up on the lines  ,  then walked about examining every detail before turning to Ason  .  
 Saturday morning she ran the sweeper and in the afternoon she bought groceries  .     Monday after work she washed the navy blue and white Orlon dress she wore Sunday to the movies and hung it on the rope  line  above the bathtub  .  
 Various colored twines  ,  cords and ropes  ,  available since the popularity of macrame  ,  are also usable  .     You may  ,  however  ,  choose freely from butcher ' s twine  ,  mason  line   ,  nylon and plastic twine  .  
 Once or twice I thought the first drops had begun to fall  .     I rushed downstairs to bring the washing in from the  line   .  
 The mule made no sound but plunged wildly in the harness  .     Ostler leaned all his weight back on the  lines   .     The wounded mule plunged again and again as the other mules responded to the lines  .  
 Ain ' t nobody missed no dinner yet on account of me that I know of  .   "     He drove on north grumbling  ,  but flailing the  lines  against the rumps of the team  .  
 The singletree on the off side dragged and bounced against the front wheel  .     The  lines  in the Professor ' s hands drooped down onto the tongue and neck yoke  .  
 The Professor imagined that he was far above them  ,  so that he could see men and their unknown ends as men can see longhorns and the ends they cannot see  .     He saw the remuda and the cowboys ; then he saw a wagon jolting along and himself holding drooping  lines   ,  sitting looking at the back ends of four mules  .  
 Larry ignored the cries and came swooping in  .     The fisherman ' s nylon  line   ,  taut and glistening with drops of seawater  ,  suddenly went slack as Larry ' s board rode over it  .  
  "  Most of us work during the week and Saturdays  ,  and Sundays are the only chance we got to go surfing  ,   "  Larry said  .   "     Ah  ,  what the hell  ,  Rocky  ,   "  another fisherman said  ,  reeling in his  line   .  
  " She has a lot of information in her head about the acquiring company and there may be information there that may be useful to Supermarkets General in their defense .     I think she ' s walking a very thin  line  .  "  
 One reason Optima could reshape the credit-card business is that American Express is the first high-profile card issuer with national marketing muscle to introduce a low-rate card .     Beyond that ,  its foray into revolving credit -- in which the card holder must make only a minimal payment each month -- further blurs the once-well-defined  line  between banks and other financial-service companies .  
 The Pentagon has strenuously resisted moves to upgrade the status of the units that deal with  " low intensity conflict .  "     Members of the Joint Chiefs argued that Congress was trying to create a  " fifth service "  that would cut across traditional  lines  of military authority .  
 A Japanese Embassy spokesman in Washington said:  " The supercomputer issue is a matter between two governments .     This (the Fujitsu proposal) is a matter between two companies ,  and a  line  should be drawn between the two .  "  
 Adds Ray Ablondi ,  a marketing research director at Ford Motor Co . :  " We don ' t recognize something called a middle class .     We work across demographic ,  psycho-graphic and life-style  lines  .  
 In the past ,  people ' s shopping decisions were restricted partly by their limited familiarity with what was available .     But mass communication has since spread tastes and wants across social and economic  lines  .  
 But she refuses to buy imported New Zealand strawberries at $5 or $6 a box .      " That ' s where I draw the  line  ,  "  she says .  
 Today ,  it is more vital than ever .     In 1983 ,  the act was entrenched in the new constitution ,  which established a tricameral parliament along racial  lines  ,  with separate chambers for whites ,  coloreds and Asians but none for blacks .  
 But otherwise ,  he says ,   " I ' m not sure we should regulate "  many off-exchange transactions .         Exchanges say the  line  should be firm .  
 In some regards ,  he was almost a cliche: an ambitious young man who rose too far too fast and wound up in the worst sort of trouble .     He says he crossed the  line  into criminality without even realizing it .  
 But in France ,  which has long considered television a public service and a cultural force ,  discovering that it ' s also a business has come as a jolt .     And although many business executives laud the recent rehabilitation of free enterprise and profit ,  many Frenchmen clearly draw the  line  at television .  
 Guthrie Birkhead ,  dean of Syracuse University ' s Maxwell School of Citizenship and Public Affairs ,  notes that in recent years ,  businesses have  " raided "  his school and recruited around 10% of each graduating class .          " But it ' s not that disturbing ,  "  he says ,   " because the  line  between the public and private sectors is blurring .  
 We think you can be serving the public good at the Moody ' s or the Goldman Sachses too .  "         A blurry  line  doesn ' t help the schools ,  which from the beginning have struggled to separate themselves from the more established law schools and business schools .  
 But analysts say many banks might be forced to deal with such reductions in equity by selling assets and issuing stock to buttress their shareholders equity .         Mr .  Levi thinks a sharper  line  will be drawn in the future between well-capitalized banks that can  " gracefully "  buttress reserves and those  " who will be really hurt .  "  
 On balance ,  says Mr .  Schoenwald ,   " I feel that it ' s a good company worth holding .  "         The difficulty of drawing a  line  can be seen in other funds .  
  " But currency exchange rates can ' t be neglected ,  and now they have to be given new emphasis .  "         Mr .  Poehl is walking a fine  line  .  
 Bernarda Alba is a single-minded matriarch who embodies the combined authority of the church ,  the family and society .     She is tyrannical enough without underscoring her cruelty ,  which is what Ms .  Jackson does ,  barking out commands in a hard-edged ,  loud voice that carries the play over the  line  from tragedy to melodrama .  
  " Are we going to have people drinking Crisco ?  "  asks Joseph Kozloff ,  an analyst for PaineWebber Inc .         Fat substitutes ,  meanwhile ,  further blur the  line  between food and medicine ,  adding to a development that researchers call  " medical foods .  "  
 An industry safety committee was formed ,  and contracts of actors and directors have been changed to include safety provisions .          " The incident will serve to temper the zeal of film makers (when they) walk that fine  line  between the art of illusion and creating reality ,  "  says Terry Young ,  director of risk management at MGM/UA Entertainment Co .  
 Only two things have to  " go wrong at the same time and there are going to be problems "  at a bank ,  he added .         Some bankers concede a compromise on capital adequacy requirements will have to be worked out as securities regulators decide where to draw the  line  between banking and securities businesses .  
 On one end is the Monday night poker game; on the other end is the large public service group .     We don ' t know where the Supreme Court will draw the  line  .  "  
 Those who are opposed to rape are induced to become naturally hostile toward sex ,  and those who like sex are inclined to become a bit more kindly disposed toward rape .     The entire case against coercive sex rests on denying Ms .  Dworkin ' s equation ,  and insisting on the  line  of demarcation between voluntary and involuntary intercourse .  
   The Federal Reserve Board ' s decision to give three major bank holding companies limited authority to deal in securities through subsidiaries further blurs the legal  line  separating commercial and investment banking .  
   The Fed ' s decision to give three big banks limited authority to deal in securities through subsidiaries further blurs the legal  line  between commercial and investment banking .  
  " The firm has not given us formal notice ,  but we have it on sufficiently reliable sources that they are doing this ,  "  said Jay Biggins ,  executive director of the city ' s Office for Economic Development .         Mr .  Biggins said the city went as far as it could to inspire Penney to stay but added ,   " The city draws a  line  beyond which it can ' t go ,  in order to remain fair to other companies .  "  
 CBOE and Philadelphia exchange officials couldn ' t be reached .         Leo Melamed ,  special counsel to the Chicago Mercantile Exchange ,  which is expected to reap increased stock-index and foreign currency futures business from the Japanese ,  said ,   " It appears they ' re drawing the  line  between retail and institutional business .  "  
 An announcement is expected today .     The new powers for Bankers Trust New York Corp .  ,  Citicorp and J . P .  Morgan & Co .  further blur the legal  line  separating commercial and investment banking .  
 The SEC ' s revived activism in the banking realm doesn ' t sit well with the American Bankers Association ,  either .     In light of the blurred  line  between the banking and securities industries ,  the SEC required all commercial banks that solicit brokerage business to register as broker-dealers .  
 Before then ,  he says ,  he would smoke in front of his boss ,  a former smoker ,  in  " real social "  situations .     But he drew the  line  when it came to work or travel .  
 Thus ,  some families are probably buying take-out food from grocery stores -- such as barbecued chicken -- but aren ' t classifying it as such .     The  line  between groceries and take-out food may have become blurred .  
 In a letter to workers before a scheduled vote in February on joining the union ,  the president of Bell Atlantic ' s Bell Atlanticom said:  " We do not want this union in our company !     The union can cause plenty of trouble  .   .   .   .  "  A month later ,  the union ' s president ,  Morton Bahr ,  told Bell Atlantic ' s chairman ,  Thomas E .  Bolger ,   " The management activity has crossed the  lines  of decency ,  and that is being charitable .  "  
 Mr .  Allen ,  who is black ,  is considered a conservative .         Designed as an independent ,  fact-finding agency ,  the commission has been sharply divided along ideological  lines  in recent years .  
  " For the legal profession ,  the breakup of AT&T has been like receiving an unsolicited annuity ,  "  says Kenneth Robinson ,  a Commerce Department telecommunications official .     Says David Sather ,  counsel for U S West Inc .  ,  a regional phone company:  " I don ' t mind putting their (lawyers ' ) kids through school ,  but I draw the  line  at their grandchildren .  "  
 Republican Donald Haider also ran .         Mr .  Washington won the Democratic Party primary in February in a vote that was divided largely along racial  lines  and ,  in the general election ,  faced three white opponents .  
 If inside people are not competitive ,  how can your organization be competitive in the marketplace ?         Consultants who work across industry  lines  will confirm that the fundamentals in every industry are almost identical .  
 Although Mr .  Jefferies wasn ' t an underwriter of the Fireman ' s Fund issue ,  his case highlights an area that affects a wide range of large and small investors .     It is an area where the  line  between legality and illegality is unusually thin .  
 Many diploma-mill customers know exactly what they are getting ,  but Diane Ravitch ,  a professor of history and education at Teachers College at Columbia University ,  believes that others may not .     As the number of night schools and correspondence classes has risen ,  she says ,  the  line  between real and bogus schools has become  " blurrier .  "  
 Amid all her parenting responsibilities ,  she couldn ' t fit in 40 hours of work a week .          " I couldn ' t draw a definite  line  -- I ' d drop everything for my children ,  "  recalls Mrs .  Schuldt ,  who has returned to work at the factory ,  part-time .  
   After signing a multibillion-dollar borrowing ,  Mexican Finance Minister Gustavo Petricioli has to tread a careful  line  between the angry rhetoric of disgruntled major debtors like Brazil and the calm words his foreign lenders now expect from Mexico .  
 And ,  of course ,  that ' s true .     In a Marxist society geared up for war ,  there are no clear  lines  separating officials ,  soldiers and civilians .  
 Although they are impressively energetic ,  one somehow feels that their painterly virtuosity runs away with them a bit .     Perhaps this is because the way they try to bridge the  line  between abstraction and figuration doesn ' t seem to be quite resolved .  
  " On the whole ,  I would as soon not have done it .  "         Some draw the  line  at far more mundane requests .  
 An agent called  " Jack "  had forced a Palestinian to call himself a poodle ,  crawl on all fours and bark ,  an investigation found ,  while the other agent had slapped an arrested Arab journalist and bound his hands to a pipe  " a number of times ,  "  though never for more than an hour .         Because the Shin Bet ' s secrecy extends even to its code of behavior and disciplinary record ,  it is unclear where the agency draws the  line  .  
 U . S .  diplomats have backed off from the controversy ,  and that disappoints U . S .  farmers .      " If we could get the Japanese to cross that white  line  ,  "  says J .  Stephen Gabbert ,  executive vice president of the Rice Millers Association ,   " it might restructure the political system and break a psychological barrier to imported goods .  "  
  " We do promote positivism ,  "  Mr .  Decherd said in a speech last year .         The policy sometimes means the News walks a fine  line  on objectivity .  
 It does deprive the AWSJ of 4 , 600 copies '  worth of sales and advertising ,  as it is intended to do .         The editorial stated that the AWSJ  " has already published a series of letters from officials ,  "  but  " self-respecting editors must somewhere draw a  line  .  "  
  " For all the talk about gray areas ,  my clients can sense what ' s all right and what isn ' t ,  "  he says .      " They don ' t call me and say:  ' Where ' s the  line  ,  so I can stay just barely on the safe side of it .  '  "  
 But the PacMan defense ,  to be effective ,  needed some market momentum to get Bendix into play ,  pushing up its stock price so it would realize the market was taking the Martin Marietta attack seriously .     So just before Martin Marietta ' s bid was unveiled ,  Mr .  Siegel called Mr .  Boesky and leaked the top secret plan ,  fully aware that he had just crossed the  line  of illegality .  
 The lawyers say they hold out hope of treatment and legal redress to thousands of workers whose asbestos exposure has long been ignored by employers ,  government agencies and unions .     But as the attorneys cross the  line  between law and medicine ,  their tactics are generating controversy as well as lawsuits .  
 Even Treasury Secretary James Baker has admitted publicly that items such as the Medicare proposal come under the rubric of tax increases .         Pressed ,  Mr .  Miller concedes that the  line  between taxes and user charges is a bit fuzzy .  
 The paper has already published a series of letters from officials ,  but in the end editors bear some responsibility for the accuracy and fairness of even letters to the editor .     Singapore officials seem to be using their new press law to claim unlimited access for whatever they choose to allege ,  and self-respecting editors must somewhere draw a  line  .  
 But it ' s clear that tensions between Washington and Citicorp are growing rapidly .      " There ' s a fine  line  between being tough and being a spoiler ,  "  one U . S .  official said .  
   President Reagan ' s biographer ,  Edmund Morris ,  may be about to cross the  line  between writing history and making it .  
 Meanwhile ,  corporations are paring legal budgets and forcing outside law firms to bid competitively for their business .         Law firms walk a fine  line  in devising marketing that brings in new business without offending conservative partners or old-line clients who value discretion .  
 One solution being considered is a big across-the-board reduction in the services that the health-insurance funds pay for .     Others divide along political  lines  .  
 By racing and pounding the first movement of the Sonata No .  32 (marked Maestoso-Allegro con brio ed appassionato) he produced not heroism ,  but a tantrum .         Mr .  Barenboim ' s performances also raise the question: When does true interpretation cross the  line  into mere caprice ?  
  " How far can the administration reach when it observes conduct troublesome to everyone ,  but which did not interfere with the educational process ?     Where do you draw the  line  ?  "  
   MAGAZINES ARE IN for more rivalry from mail-order catalogs as the  line  between them blurs .  
 Bent on returning its struggling steel unit to profitability ,  USX demanded steep wage and benefit cuts and ,  more important ,  the right to assign jobs and reorganize work crews without union interference -- the same issue that prompted an industrywide strike in 1959 .         Long embittered by the company ' s diversification into oil ,  the union drew a  line  against further sacrifice .  
 He was such a key figure at the bank ,  "  says David Poutney ,  a bank analyst at Barclays de Zoete Wedd ,  a securities unit of Barclays Bank PLC .         Mr .  Seelig ,  referred to as  " Roger the artful dodger "  by rivals during his 15 years at Morgan Grenfell ,   " perfectly straddled the fine  line  between being fainthearted and cutting too many corners ,  "  says a corporate finance director at a rival merchant bank .  
   The  line  between tacky and urbane is called Broadway here ,  and it runs right through the middle of town .  
  " We have made every effort possible to improve distribution .  "         Yet the Matsushita-GE impasse indicates that some Japanese manufacturers may now have decided to draw the  line  .  
 He was not fully in control until October ,  when he flew back from an IMF meeting in Belgrade to institute tight money .         August 1979 stands as a bright  line  separating the era of inflation from the era of disinflation .  
  " Every year we go to the toy fair ,  and we come back saying ,   ' It ' s not getting any better .  '  "         For example ,  although Hasbro ,  the biggest toy maker ,  also markets board games and other  " gender-neutral "  items ,  it organizes its biggest sellers strictly along sex-role  lines  .  
 Kids ages four to nine are  " fashion-conscious "  as well as gender-conscious ,  she says .         Among the exceptions to the gender  line  are construction products like Lego System Inc .  ' s Lego or Habermaas '  T . C .  Timber ,  which has a package showing a girl in a frilly dress surveying a toy construction site .  
  " We don ' t mind raising fees if there is value added ,  but I don ' t see it in the new audit proposals .  "         Mr .  Sullivan recognizes that the board  " must tread a fine  line  between the urgings of Congress and the concerns of business .  "  
  " To even comment on this is risky for a presidential candidate ,  "  says David Keene ,  an adviser to Mr .  Dole .      " You have to walk a fine  line  .  
 It was being distributed by the Conservative Caucus ,  which for several years has been campaigning to force Chevron to pull out of its partnership with Sociedade Nacional de Combustiveis de Angola (Sonangol) ,  a state oil company under the control of Angola ' s Marxist MPLA government .         The campaign has cut across ideological and political  lines  .  
 Its greatness is that it laid the foundation for a system in which future generations could carry out their own reforms and solve their own problems .     Today ,  watching South Korea struggle to establish the most minimal republican institutions -- or watching France limp along with two men in charge because nobody ever drew the  line  between the executive and legislative branches -- we can only marvel at our forefathers '  accomplishments .  
 State attempts to shield their corporations from hostile bids have  " presented serious impediments to the free and efficient operation "  of the stock markets ,  Mr .  Ruder said .      " Drawing the  line  between appropriate state regulation of internal corporate affairs and improper state regulation of national tender offers is not easy ,  "  he added ,   " but the task is unavoidable .  "  
 Generally it tells more about the speaker than about the topic under discussion .     Yet to draw the  line  ,  as Mr .  Carter does ,  between speech acceptable to men as a class as against women as a class conveys a sexist attitude more objectionable ,  perhaps ,  than being foulmouthed .  
 But humanitarian assistance ,  traditionally the domain of civilians ,  is geared more toward providing food ,  clothing or medical services to individuals .     In Vietnam ,  the  lines  between the military and civilian agencies became blurred ,  with intelligence operators ,  for example ,  often using positions in the Agency for International Development ,  or AID ,  as  " cover .  "  
 But the most effective check on desktop computer gurus ,  experts say ,  is a computer-literate manager .     Such bosses can recognize the often murky distinction between productivity and play on a computer ,  and can draw the  line  clearly so their workers won ' t get led astray .  
 Barely one in 11 would absolutely refuse .         The students ,  though ,  do draw the  line  .  
 April marked the first month when overall industry assets declined since December 1983 .         BB&K ' s Mr .  Biehl concedes that the  line  dividing Diversa Fund clients and the newsletter subscribers is already fuzzy .  
 But Robert Giordano ,  an economist at Goldman ,  Sachs & Co .  ,  expressed concern that political considerations might lead Mr .  Greenspan ,  a Republican ,  to tolerate a slight pickup in inflation for the sake of better economic growth .      " Volcker drew a  line  at 4% inflation ,  "  Mr .  Giordano asserted .  
 NATO made a virtue out of a necessity .     The sudden outbreak of the Six-Day War in the Near East raised the stakes by reminding the world of the thin  line  between peace and war .  
 Ms .  Thernstrom questions the wisdom of such results:  " Are minorities sometimes better off with fewer seats but more diffused influence -- a smaller number of blacks in office ,  but a greater number of representatives who owe their election to black constituents ?  "         The reshaping of a substantial number of political districts along racial  lines  has gone virtually unnoticed by Congress and the media .  
  " The Sandinistas interpreted this as an unwillingness of the Soviets to assume "  responsibility to protect the regime ,  he says .         Indeed ,  the Soviets have carefully avoided crossing other  lines  drawn by the U . S .  administration .  
 In Czechoslovakia ,  more than in any other country of the Soviet sphere ,  the leadership has had a difficult time .     It is struggling to walk a credible  line  between the retrenchment it was brought in to enforce two decades ago and Mr .  Gorbachev ' s drive to revive socialism with doses of the free market and freedom of thought .  
 At the hearing yesterday ,  Judge Kennedy said ,   " It seems to me that most Americans ,  most lawyers ,  most judges believe liberty includes protection of a value we know as privacy .  "          " There is a zone of liberty ,  "  he added ,   "  .   .   .  where a  line  is drawn where the individual can tell the government ,   ' Beyond this line ,  you may not go .  '     The great question is where to draw that line .  "  
   Judge Anthony Kennedy concluded his testimony for his Supreme Court nomination ,  walking a fine  line  between liberal and conservative senators concerned about where his legal views fit on the political spectrum .  
 And ,  at a time of shrinking medical income ,  the exploitation of medical fashions offers a rich opportunity for financial gain .     The  lines  are drawn .  
 But the New Democratic Party itself placed second in a Gallup poll ,  being favored by 34% of decided voters ,  compared with 35% for the Liberals and 29% for the Conservatives .         So Mr .  Broadbent walks a fine  line  .  
 Mr .  Roh nevertheless scheduled his Seoul rally to coincide with the anniversary .         His advisers say his speech will draw the clearest  line  yet between himself and the highly unpopular President Chun .  
  " The Fed is caught between deflationary signals and inflationary signals coexisting at the same time .     They ' ve got to walk a very fine  line  .  "  
 The new rules ,  which were put into effect two weeks ago without any public announcement ,  are supposed to clarify what that license allows .         Investment advisers said the regulations will force them to continue treading a fine  line  between offering advice and actually selling securities .  
 And when it is ready ,  we will deploy it .  "         If all of this seems like a delicate  line  to walk ,  well ,  apparently sometimes even the president slips .  
  " With Congress not having done anything meaningful on the budget deficit ,  the process of controlling the economy falls on the shoulders of the Fed ,  "  Mr .  Kahan said .      " The Fed is going to have to walk a thin  line  between being too tight and causing us to fall directly into recession ,  and being overly stimulative and therefore leading to an inflationary bout .  "  
 He appealed to the Tax Court .     Now Special Judge Dinan has drawn a  line  that may surprise some tax experts: Hendrickson was inexperienced and owned minority shares in only three wells ,  so he was unable to play an active role in management and operations or to influence operational decisions .  
 Such foggy rhetoric reflects a 30-year-long weakening of the Democratic and Republican parties .     They have fewer and fewer strong adherents divided by clear  lines  of traditional left-right ideology .  
 And carriers may have to mention that return portions of most non-refundable tickets can ' t be used when travelers miss departing flights .          " We ' re essentially drawing a specific  line  and saying ,   ' Step across it and we ' ll sue you ,  '  "  says one task-force member .  
 Back home ,  he has plenty of his own problems ,  from a surly bureaucracy to Sikh terrorists to restless Gurkhas to troubled borders with Pakistan and China .     He walks a fine  line  in dealing with the separatist movement in India ' s own Tamil state .  
 The move would have been organized by management and carried out by workers with job classifications allowing them to haul equipment .         But now ,  the skilled-trades workers were not only organizing the move but also were willing to cross job  lines  and help .  
 They debate ethics in the easy ,  wisecracking language of Daniel Petrie Jr .  ' s deft script while they drive to a Cajun restaurant in Remy ' s convertible .     He gets her drunk ,  and they eat and dance and continue wrangling about where to put the fine  line  between perks and graft .  
 And the ramifications will go far beyond international economics .     There is a fine  line  between trade and politics in the Persian Gulf nations .  
 The best way to experience the  " Sculpture Project "  is with a good pair of walking shoes ,  plenty of time ,  and a copy of the moderately priced ,  bilingual guide sold by the Westphalian Landesmuseum (conveniently situated just across from the cathedral ,  where the treasure hunt starts) .         In Munster ,  too ,  the  line  between art and non-art is often less than clear .  
 The words  " Democratic "  and  " Liberal "  have become synonymous -- the health of liberalism is now measured by the success of the Democratic Party in the latest presidential election .     The  line  between policy analyst and political tactician has become similarly blurred .  
 The Fed ' s founding fathers had just that kind of structure in mind almost 75 years ago .     The  lines  are blurring; the priorities changing .  
  " The Flood "  skillfully combines hypermodern graphics and computer projections ,  live actors and 3-D animation .         Yet all of the  " Alive "  shows tread the fine  line  between experimentation and excess .  
 Notes of White House meetings indicate President Reagan shared Adm .  Poindexter ' s penchant for turning words .     The naval officer testified that even Col .  North had difficulty  " drawing the fine  line  that the president was drawing "  in defending a plan that encompassed selling weapons to a nation that had supported terrorists holding American hostages in Lebanon .  
 But it wasn ' t clear whether this would force a tightening of controls .     The court stopped short of saying where the agency should draw the  line  on safety .  
 For this reason ,  Mr .  Smith makes sure the paper-product managers and workers don ' t feel inferior to their counterparts at the more glamorous marketing divisions .          " It ' s a fine ,  fine  line  you ' ve got to walk ,  "  says Mr .  Smith ,  a down-to-earth executive who tours plants in blue jeans and running shoes .  
 Obviously ,  the lack of turnover in House seats benefits incumbents of both parties .     But just as obviously ,  it entrenches the ideological balance that prevailed when the  lines  were drawn and the incumbent-protection legislation was passed .  
 His approach was at times very broad -- saying there was only a  " semantic "  difference between military and non-lethal  " humanitarian "  aid for the Contras -- and at times very narrow -- arguing a distinction between  " covert actions "  and clandestine  " special activities .  "         In a telling exchange ,  Adm .  Poindexter acknowledged that even Col .  North had difficulty  " drawing the fine  line  that the president was drawing "  in defending the early Iran initiative and the plan to sell weapons to a nation that supported terrorists .  
 Even some state regulators say the rules can go too far .          " It ' s a fine  line  between consumer protection and overprotection ,  "  says Ann Marie Brady ,  Wisconsin ' s deputy securities commissioner .  
 Government and private analysts alike don ' t think the Iranians are likely to mount a frontal attack ,  because that would invite large-scale retaliation .      " They ' ll have to draw a  line  between not wanting to spread the war and doing something ,  "  says Ruhollah Ramazani ,  an Iranian-born scholar at the University of Virginia .  
 Still ,  sex and violence outsell economics .     Takao Saito ,  who draws the 18-year-old  " Golgo 13 "  series ,  notices a change:  " Until recently ,  there was a  line  between manga that had sex and those that didn ' t .     That line has been blurred .  "  
 These days ,  Beijing emphasizes the cooperation in an effort to woo Taiwan ,  to which the Kuomintang fled after being defeated by the Communists .         Chinese leaders ,  meanwhile ,  have sought to draw the  line  on harsh anti-Japanese rhetoric .  
 Any concentration of power is oppressive; the concentration of economic power is frightening .     Let us hope that Congress will have the guts or the wisdom to draw a  line  against the unbridled economic concentration that is implied in the Treasury ' s no-longer-secret plan .  
  " There are all kinds of guidelines this violates ,  "  says retired Col .  John Miller ,  editor of the Naval Institute ' s Proceedings magazine .      " The  line  was crossed sometime before .  
 So far ,  his energy and aggressive stance have surprised critics and earned favorable reviews at home .     Virginia ' s voters are much on Sen .  Trible ' s mind; up for reelection next year ,  he is walking a  line  between loyalty to the president and the new independence he needs to survive .  
 But the accounting profession should still be careful of where its management-consulting business is headed .     When it moves over the  line  of giving advice to making the actual business deals and directing business strategy for audit clients ,  it may encounter the ire of congressional watchdogs .  
 The reappointment of the 57-year-old Bundesbank chief was widely expected ,  despite some criticism of his expansive monetary policies at home .         The Bundesbank has been walking a narrow  line  between international demands for more West German economic growth and domestic fears of rekindling inflation .  
 Justice William Brennan ,  joined by Justices Thurgood Marshall ,  Sandra O ' Connor and Harry Blackmun ,  said the question of whether religious groups could hire only members of their own faith remains open when church-run ,  for-profit businesses are involved .     They warned that Justice White ' s decision didn ' t draw a sharp enough  line  between nonprofit and for-profit activities .  
 Perhaps the most blatant sign that the insurgency has become the opiate of the clergy is that on the regional cease-fire committees during peace talks earlier this year five of the 20 National Democratic Front ' s slots were filled by priests .         For their part the Marxists have worked hard to fudge the  line  between out-and-out communists and well-intentioned democratic social activists in United Front fashion a la Nicaragua ,  another poor Catholic country that threw off a corrupt dictatorship .  
 The Supreme Court left intact a federal appeals court ruling that Bankers Trust Co .  may sell commercial paper for its clients .         The high court ' s refusal to hear an appeal by the Securities Industry Association is a boost for the Federal Reserve Board ' s policy of allowing the legal  line  between commercial banking and securities to blur .  
 Politicians in the nation ' s third-largest city began maneuvering within hours after Mr .  Washington died from a heart attack Wednesday .     Neighborhood factions ,  often split along racial  lines  ,  are jockeying behind the scenes ,  and some are calling for a special election .  
 Frances Hodgson Burnett left England as a child in the 1850s ,  and started writing sentimental tales about her homeland while living in a Kentucky log cabin -- which may account for their idealized sweetness .     Unfortunately ,  despite its excellent cast ,  this Hallmark Hall of Fame presentation crosses the fine  line  that divides the sweet from the saccharine .  
 The Fed can push down market interest rates through its so-called open market operations ,  by buying securities from banks and thus adding money to the banking system .     At the moment ,  the central bank seems to be walking a narrow  line  ,  using  " open market "  operations to keep rates down ,  but holding the discount rate stable in an attempt to keep the exchange markets calm .  
 Citing numerous precedents ,  Pennzoil says Texaco must prove that Pennzoil intended to defraud public shareholders through its early-purchase arrangement with the museum -- proof ,  it says ,  that doesn ' t exist .     Citing equally numerous precedents ,  Texaco and the SEC say 10b-13 is a  " bright  line  "  rule with no room for interpretation -- that by arranging to purchase shares privately with its tender offer outstanding Pennzoil walked over the line of legality .  
 He got the job .         Now Mr .  Murphy treads a thin  line  between the hackers he reveres and the corporate clients he reviles .     The line is so thin that critics doubt that his reformation is real .  
 No one can seriously claim to have been deluded about the politics of federal spending the past seven years .     In drawing the  line  on taxes ,  the President made clear his intention to stop the great game of the 1960s and 1970s of turning over to the government ever more of the private economy ' s resources .  
 Because of the ambiguity ,  he says if brokers are asked directly ,   " the safer course  .   .   .  is to disclose .     I wish we could give more specific advice to our members as to where the  line  should be drawn .  
 Rep .  John Murtha (D .  ,  Pa . ) ,  invoking the blessing of Energy and Commerce Committee Chairman John Dingell (D .  ,  Mich . ) ,  sought to extend this year ' s deadline until 1989 ,  but backed down after being assured of an opportunity to offer the same amendment on the floor .      " There is a fine  line  between fixing the Clean Air Act and gutting the act ,  "  said Rep .  Edward Boland (D .  ,  Mass . ) ,  whose subcommittee oversees the Environmental Protection Agency and who expects the issue to return before the House .  
 Various vampires and zombies accosted my wife and me .     The park draws the  line  at spooking in restrooms as well as using devil worship and  " excessive acts of violence "  as themes ,  Mr .  Zanville says .  
 Vast riches can result from schmoozing on the telephone ,  over lunch ,  at the club ,  over drinks ,  or ,  as in Levine ' s case ,  during discreet walks .     When competition is intense and timing is everything ,  the  line  between legitimate sharing of gossip and illegal sharing of inside information can blur .  
 Desk traders said selling by several fund groups contributed to the market ' s decline .         Many fund managers -- including those with high cash reserves -- are walking a thin  line  .  
  " We have these twin fears that inflation is going out of control or that we are heading into recession ,  "  Mr .  Jordan says .     To allay those fears ,  Mr .  Greenspan must walk a very narrow  line  ,  he adds .  
 No doubt there are those with pathological coping mechanisms resulting in exercise abuse .     However ,  there often is a fine  line  between the abusers and those individuals striving to enhance the quality of their lives through exercise .  
  " Why should Guinness shareholders finish up carrying the costs ,  when it ' s the Distillers shareholders who will benefit "  from the acquisition ?         Mr .  Seelig  " perfectly straddled the fine  line  between being fainthearted and cutting too many corners ,  "  a corporate-finance director at a rival merchant bank said earlier this year .  
 We are made anxious by the juxtaposition of substance with froth -- and for a good reason .     Public TV is one of those twilight zones in which the  lines  between  " high "  and  " low "  culture are at their blurriest .  
 One woman engineer was asked to open her case for inspection; it turned up only birth-control pills and other personal medications ,  according to the Burlington spokesman .         Critics say there ' s a fine  line  between the corporate right to a drug-free workplace and the employee ' s right to privacy -- and dignity .  
 Thompson claimed it was all tax-free as damages for personal injury .         Now Judge Scott has drawn the  line : The back-pay award is taxable as wages  " owing "  to Thompson that her employer  " withheld "  in a breach of contract .  
   How do we ,  in a free society ,  define a government that has crossed the  line  between the permissible and the impermissible ?  
 He said some Burger King people were transferred to other positions ,  while some employees who weren ' t involved in the account were let go .         One employee described the mood in New York as  " demoralized ,  "  and said the situation was exacerbated because the layoffs  " cut across department  lines  .  "  
 Let virtue be its own reward .  "     He draws the  line  ,  however ,  at altruism aimed at the welfare of subhuman species:  " The human heart is distended until it is as big as all outdoors .  "  
 And Ms .  Gordon ,  the Miami stockbroker ,  found a doctor who would prescribe anti-inflammatory drugs to keep down the pains in her ankles and knees so nothing would stop her exercise routine .         Some doctors and sports professionals maintain that the  line  between healthy and obsessive exercise is too fine to separate addicts from average exercisers .  
 He prefers not to think about where the goods are headed;  " I ' m in the sales business ,  "  he says ,   " not delivery .  "         Local U . S .  customs officials try to walk a fine  line  between cooperating with the Mexican counterparts and jeopardizing the rights of the smugglers .  
  " We haven ' t figured out yet how to handicap the games ,  or how to handle the situation ,  "  says John Fitzgerald ,  president of the Hilton hotel-casino .      " If some people cross the  line  and make a particular team look strong  .   .   .  that ' ll make a big difference .  "  
 It hasn ' t .     There ' s a real delicate  line  there ,  and it ' s hard for people to understand how we do it .  "  
 That the teaching occupation needs high professional standards is indisputable -- and the board created for that purpose should get on with the task .     For its part ,  Congress should think twice before erasing yet another  line  of demarcation between public and private .  
 It ' s simply that the company believes reader loyalty is dwindling as the other magazines make themselves too hospitable to advertisers .      " You draw a  line  ,  and the seven sisters will cross it ,  "  Mr .  Selbert contends .  
 That points out a peculiarity in black America .     Unlike most Americans ,  blacks do not yet vote along class  lines  .  
 Edward Regan ,  the Republican comptroller ,  said  " it ' s normal that the legislature adds {to spending} .     It ' s up to the executive to draw the  line  .  
  " This assures a horse race ,  "  said one person familiar with the committee ' s thinking .         But the Forstmann-led group must walk a fine  line  with the directors .  
 Mr .  Bush ,  the scion of an upperclass Eastern family ,  chose the more polished Navy .         Judging from Mr .  Hynes ' s descriptions ,  those are the class  lines  along which that choice usually was made:  " Of my flight school friends ,  it was certainly true that the well-bred ones tended to take Navy commissions; and those like myself who felt provincial ,  or common ,  or underbred ,  chose the Marine Corps ,  where those qualities wouldn ' t show .  "  
 This is the real scandal of racial politics ,  circa 1988 .         Our own view is that the politics of race has become too polarized along party ,  and philosophical ,   lines  .  
 We should enlarge the franchise ,  not change it .  "         Mr .  Jackson called The Wall Street Journal to complain about a front-page story last week that quoted a number of moderate or conservative Democrats charging Mr .  Jackson with threatening to split the party along racial and class  lines  ,  especially if Michael Dukakis loses the election to George Bush next Tuesday .  
  " Honoraria can only be accepted under the fiction that it ' s payment for services rendered ,  "  says Stanley Brand ,  former counsel to the House of Representatives .     When used as a lobbying tool ,  he says ,   " a prosecutor may decide that it ' s gone over the  line  from a payment to a gift or gratuity or bribe .  "  
 At a news conference in Boston ,  Mr .  Syron gave few clues to his thinking on monetary policy ,  but he said the Fed ' s role is  " made much more complicated "  by the budget and trade deficits .     The Fed  " has had to walk a very ,  very fine  line  for some time ,  "  he said .      " One naturally worries about how long you can go on walking a fine line .  "  
 The sheer mass of the black majority -- 26 million ,  to 5 million whites -- has trampled color barriers in the larger cities .     Urbanization has obscured tribal  lines  .  
 At various moments Alla might recall Edith Piaf ,  Tina Turner or Vicki Carr singing  " It Must Be Him "  while softly crying .         Alla belongs to an international tradition of emotionally naked chanteuses who walk the  line  between sophistication and schmaltz while acting each song as if it were a playlet .  
 A few years ago ,  the idea that there might be anything unconstitutional about punitive damages occupied scarcely any space in law review articles .         But now the U . S .  Supreme Court is being peppered with appeals urging the nine justices to draw the  line  on such damages .  
  " They want us to go along with them on the Bush effort ,  in a public way .     You admire people ' s zeal ,  but you have to draw the  line  ,  "  says Sister Joy Kronenberger ,  C . D . P .  ,  who operates an active pro-life education ,  poster and prayer program for the diocese .  
 PC Magazine is one of about a half-dozen computer publications that offer such electronic companions ,  and more are on the way .     These services are blurring the  lines  between print and electronic publishing .  
 It properly involves a variety of message carriers -- including the Voice of America ,  Worldnet television and skilled ,  language-qualified foreign-service officers among others -- to reach important and diverse audiences overseas .         These audiences themselves have interests that defy easy categorization along informational or cultural  lines  .  
 The failure of Judith Richards Hope to win confirmation to the prestigious appeals court here means the Reagan administration has come up short in its effort to completely transform what many lawyers and legal scholars consider the second most important court next to the U . S .  Supreme Court .         The U . S .  Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit is split along partisan  lines  ,  with Reagan nominees enjoying a slim ,  6-5 majority .  
 Consumer and small-business banking is overseen by Mr .  Middlemas ,  the president ,  while big corporate customers are overseen by James W .  Thompson ,  chairman of the Southeast Bank .     The Southeast Bank also focuses NCNB on customer-group  lines  ,  rather than according to geography .  
 Although it seemed evident that Sen .  Bentsen gave the far more polished performance last night ,  Republicans were hopeful that expectations were so low for Sen .  Quayle -- who has been constantly criticized and even ridiculed since his selection -- that merely staying on his feet for 90 minutes and not making any embarrassing slip-ups will remove him as a liability for the GOP ticket .         The post-debate analysis fell along predictable partisan  lines  ,  with each side saying that its man did better .  
 He might have pointed out that multicultural grants tend to go to second-generation Australians trying to rediscover their roots rather than to newly arrived immigrants .     Or he might have pointed out that any discrimination along racial  lines  is anti-Western ,  exactly the sort of thing most immigrants have come to Australia to escape .  
 But he didn ' t .         So today in Australia there are some people arguing the right thing for the wrong reasons and others arguing the wrong thing for the right reasons ,  cutting across all political  lines  .  
   Certilman Haft Balin Buckley Kremer & Hyman ,  a midsized New York law firm ,  is splitting along geographic and practice  lines  ,  effective Oct .  1 .  
 What bothers police about such actions ,  says Jerald Vaughn ,  executive director of the International Association of Chiefs of Police ,  is that they represent  " a breakdown of the rule of law .  "     He maintains ,   " It ' s only a matter of time before these groups step over the  line  .   "  They may begin rousting others they dislike -- people  " who are not the right skin color or the right religious persuasion ,  "  he says .  
 Syria expressed support for a rival government declared Friday by its Moslem allies after Gemayel ' s six-year term expired .     The dispute threatened to formally partition Lebanon along sectarian  lines  and rekindle the 13-year civil war .  
 As we develop more sophisticated and expensive medications ,  AZT will be remembered as a bargain .     Where do we draw the  line  ?  
 And even under the best of circumstances ,  U . S .  officials say ,  it is unlikely that all nine American hostages will be liberated .         The Reagan administration is trying to walk a fine  line  between making concessions to terrorists and missing what some officials think is the most promising opportunity yet to secure the hostages '  freedom .  
 A soaring dollar would wipe out the competitive edge of U . S .  manufacturers ,  and probably spark a recession .         Eaton may be walking a dangerous  line  by putting so much faith in the lower dollar .  
  " We have decided that our original disposition was not an appropriate one ,  "  the court said .         The influential court has been closely divided along partisan and ideological  lines  .  
  " Ideological p . r .  "  in Washington (as publicist Melinda Patrician put it) is being handled by Fenton Communications Inc .  ,  which arranged screenings for civil-rights groups and community leaders ,  squeezing Mr .  Costa-Gavras in with its efforts as a registered foreign agent for the government of Angola .  (The Danny Ortega and Maurice Bishop p . r .  accounts have gone . )    A press release intones:  " There is a fine  line  between fact and fiction .  
 You need trucks to go everywhere ,  "  Mr .  McMillin said .         While he was bullish on Sara Lee ' s strategy ,  Mr .  McMillin said integrating food-service companies -- which typically are entrepreneurial businesses organized along regional  lines  -- often is a long and difficult process .  
 Unless the case is settled out of court ,  it may yet establish a precedent that helps define the difference between business and pleasure .     Says Stanley Chesley ,  the Cincinnati attorney representing Mrs .  Goldstein:  " It ' s a fine  line  distinction ,  and ultimately a jury will decide .  "  
 That began a political fiasco that killed the industry ' s chances for a 1988 recovery .     In what a congressional aide called  " the North-South war ,  "  the soybean association split along regional  lines  .  
 The committee also backed Reynolds research that found  " a substantial reduction in the irritant properties "  of tobacco smoke in the air .         But the RJR Nabisco Inc .  unit continues to walk a narrow  line  between publishing its research and promoting its product as a safer cigarette .  
 The product is more expensive to make than conventional cigarettes -- and that requires a higher price tag ,  which also means going after a more affluent consumer .     Beyond that ,  the company must walk a fine  line  in pitching the cigarette as  " cleaner "  without representing that it is healthier .  
 Should it really be the top defense priority of a Philippine president to dicker over more dollars from American allies ?     Or is it perhaps more important to draw a clear  line  against the Soviet Union ' s increasing military presence in the Pacific ?  
 But for 11 years ,  President Zia forestalled political liberalizations .     As a result ,  social and political pressures are starting to pull Pakistan apart ,  along ethnic  lines  .  
 If statistics were collected ,  Manhattan Island would be terrified by an astronomical trade deficit .     In another sense it is an artifact of economic fashion: a reflection of where economists currently choose to draw  lines  in a great circle of transactions: Once everything -- goods ,  services ,  bonds and so on -- is included ,  the accounts must balance; for every buyer there has to be a seller .  
 Some smoking foes claim it ' s seeking  " endorsements .  "     In any event ,  Reynolds may be walking a fine  line  between getting out the facts and getting ensnared in regulatory problems .  
  " But we are willing to stand on our science in terms of what we have done to reduce various products of burning tobacco .    Is that a narrow  line  ?     It ' s a very narrow but important line .  "  
 In New Zealand there are two groups ,  Maori and pakeha ,  who believe they have legitimate claims to resources .     Giving to one group means taking from the other ,  and the taking in this case is inevitably going to be along racial  lines  .  
 In fact ,  the feeling often is like a boxing match ,  with first one contender and then the other striking a blow for his or her life style or point of view while the crowd applauds .         In plays of this kind the playwright often walks a thin  line  between a television sitcom and real drama .  
 Because of a paper shortage ,  Izvestia is usually just six pages and several of those are for official communiques .         Mostly ,  though ,  it is a question of deciding where to draw the  line  .  
 This year and the next may be the worst ever for the municipal market in terms of low volume of new issues ,  but the market should then be poised for a turnaround ,  said Paul Sinsar ,  Drexel ' s national institutional sales manager of municipal bonds .         Drexel itself is attempting to increase its presence in the municipal market ,  recently reorganizing its public finance efforts by dividing the department along regional  lines  .  
  " To the extent the Nomura investment represents a willingness to back contested transactions ,  it is a strategy different from ours ,  "  said Peter Rona ,  chief executive of IBJ Schroder Bank & Trust Co .  ,  a U . S .  unit of Industrial Bank of Japan .         Mr .  Drapkin of the Revlon Group and some other U . S .  merger experts contended that the transaction indicates that Japanese firms ,  led by Nomura ,  will push harder in pursuing U . S .  acquisitions ,  stretching the  line  between what is a friendly and hostile bid .  
 The study found ,  in addition ,  that two-thirds of all parents owing support were becoming delinquent within three years of the order .     The situation ,  which crossed all income and class  lines  ,  contributed significantly to the impoverishment of women and children .  
  " This will cause more hard feelings in {the Houston suburb of} River Oaks than stealing someone else ' s maid ,  "  jokes Rep .  Charles Wilson (D .  ,  Texas) .      " Bentsen will draw the  line  in the dust like Travis at the Alamo .  "  
 Mr .  Weld outlined to the senators ,  in essence ,  the indictment he would have brought against Mr .  Meese ,  had he been the independent counsel .     Mr .  Weld said he resigned because  " I simply felt that ,  in trying to do favors for his friend ,  Mr .  Meese was drawn in over his head ,  and over the  line  of what the law allows .  "  
 TELEMARKETING makes rapid strides at U . S .  corporations .          Lines  between telemarketing and traditional marketing are fast blurring ,  says a Conference Board report .  
   Splitting along partisan  lines  ,  the Senate Judiciary Committee yesterday rejected the controversial nomination of Bernard Siegan to the Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit in San Francisco .  
 Potential running mates were required to submit boxes of documentation and to complete a questionnaire so detailed that Sen .  Glenn divided it among his advisers .     The 50-question survey ,  which ran more than six pages single-spaced ,  itself served as a winnowing agent; Mr .  Nunn drew the  line  at answering it ,  and House Majority Leader Thomas Foley ' s wife ,  who is also one of his closest advisers ,  found it onerous .  
 There ' s an element of sycophancy in Mr .  Mackay ,  but he never seems gratingly obsequious .     The interesting thing about his approach is that it forces him to tread a thousand fine  lines  .  
 But federal officials charge that some of the companies are going too far .      " When you ' re misleading the public ,  there ' s a  line  .     Most of these groups go way over the line ,  "  says Philip Gambino ,  a spokesman for the Social Security Administration .  
  " It ' s ludicrous and rather obsequious to pretend you are warm ,  close friends in a business environment ,  "  says Ms .  Martin ,  the columnist .      " It obscures the  line  of rank and command .  "  
  " There ' s a way of hugging ,  and there ' s a way of hugging .     And that one was over the  line  .  
 Yet ,  at times ,  Justice Scalia can be unpredictable .     He has said the court should rethink its 1973 test in which local community standards are used to decide when pornography is protected by the First Amendment; the  line  is too hard to draw .  
 Cementing a party structure that was established only with Western pressure as a channel for arms ,  and with it cementing fringe politics ,   " could make Afghanistan look like Lebanon ,  "  says Mohammad Naim Farahi ,  a tribal leader from Farah province .         A better solution ,  say most Afghans ,  is a  " Loya Jirga ,  "  or traditional Afghan congress made up of district representatives ,  chiefly along tribal or ethnic  lines  .  
 Competition did ,  as advertised ,  save money ,  but it also made inside information far more valuable -- and threatening to the entire procurement system itself .         Operation Ill Wind ,  the code name for the two-year investigation blowing like a typhoon through the Pentagon ,  is showing that some competitors are going over the  line  in vying for contracts ,  which now total more than $160 billion a year .  
 But as the southeast economy has boomed in Thatcherite Britain ,  the blots are threatening the picturesque edges of the greenbelt .     Though the government promises it won ' t step over the  line  ,  the Tories are increasingly refusing to sanctify places that lie just outside it .  
 One copyright lawyer familiar with advertising issues said that if the fight gets to court ,  the dispute would hinge on whether Soap Opera is  " really poking fun at Rolling Stone ,  or whether they ' re just using that campaign as a cheap ,  if you will ,  creative attempt to ride on their shirttails .  "         There is a fine  line  between parody and copyright infringement .  
 Yet to a large degree ,  Mr .  Jackson has accomplished what he set out to do when he first announced his candidacy for the Democratic presidential nomination .     He has succeeded in creating a movement across racial  lines  -- a movement of society ' s have-nots -- and giving that movement a driving focus for its political aspirations .  
 So it soon will start a program to train nearly 50 , 000 compliance managers and employees by Dec .  31 in the right and wrong ways to use statistics .     It ' s a fine  line  to walk .  
 At Maryland ' s Coordinating Center ,  about 60% of the clients are single parents ,  often poor ,  young ,  inner-city women .     Prematurity and disease reach across class  lines  to the best and the worst of mothers ,  but a poor mother is at least twice as likely to have a baby born with low birthweight -- the babies at much higher risk of problems such as mental retardation ,  chronic lung ailments ,  blindness and deafness .  
 Indeed ,  if Mr .  Wright were a member of the executive branch ,  even the trivia the Ethics Committee is willing to investigate might prove politically fatal .     We can ' t get too concerned about drawing  lines  between public and private expenditure of an aide ' s time ,  but in 1983 former Assistant HUD Secretary E . S .  Savas was driven out of Washington because one of his assistants without his knowledge had a government secretary spend 20 hours typing corrections in the manuscript for his scholarly book ,   " Privatizing the Public Sector .  "  
 Libya ' s Col .  Moammar Gadhafi was given the floor at the summit ' s close to deliver a long lecture on the history of liberation movements ,  likening the struggle of the Palestinians to the fight of the Algerians against the French .         Among the moderates ,  Jordan ' s King Hussein in particular managed here to walk a fine  line  between demonstrating support for the Palestinians and appearing to wish to usurp the PLO ' s position as the legitimate spokesman for Palestinians .  
 The scammers themselves are quick to move at the first hint of trouble ,  surfacing in a new place under a new name to fleece a new flock .     And frequently good cases can ' t be made against them anyway ,  because the  line  between outright fraud and unethical but technically legal behavior is often indistinct .  
   Many takeover lawyers cross the  line  between legal adviser and business strategist .  
  " It is not easy to have a consensus ,  "  he said ,   " because it is technically a complex problem .  "         The issue of reducing ,  maintaining or increasing the cartel ' s production ceiling has divided the ministers along the same  lines  as the production-definition issue ,  with a majority of eight clearly in favor of some action to prop up weak oil prices .  
 Market research shows strong demand in the Hispanic community for what he called  " cross-over shows ,  "  which are similar in content and format to the general shows but geared to the Hispanic audience .      " Music transcends cultural  lines  ,  "  he said .  
  " To go beyond is very hard (but) if we don ' t do it now we ' re lost .  "         The response is most powerful among black voters ,  where apartheid touches an emotional chord reaching across class  lines  .  
 But SACC field workers still operate above ground ,  out in the open ,  where their efforts to monitor and alleviate the repressive conditions in the country ' s black townships bring them into constant conflict with the authorities .         Mr .  Kgori and other field workers walk the fine  line  between social work ,  which is grudgingly tolerated by the government ,  and activism ,  which isn ' t .  
 Mr .  Walker and some other conservatives believe that confrontation has its place .      " We think there is some merit in drawing the  line  in the sand and saying we want to draw the distinction between conservatives and liberals ,  "  Rep .  .  Walker says .  
 Wall Street sources say Odyssey holds just under 5% of Amfac ,  though it hasn ' t bought shares since late 1986 .         Odyssey is among the investment firms newly blurring the  line  between management-endorsed leveraged buy-outs and hostile takeover transactions .  
  " I guess I would argue that there ' s some information that shouldn ' t be getable ,  "  Mr .  Lambert says .      " Everyone would draw the  line  somewhat differently .     Obviously ,  we draw the line that video rental is one area where people should have protection .  "  
 So ,  it reinstated the 1986 decision ,  which was written by Chief Judge Patricia Wald .         As has been the case on some other recent occasions ,  the appeals court was split along ideological  lines  ,  with five judges appointed by Democratic presidents voting to approve the watchdog group ' s standing and five appointed by President Reagan opposed .  
 Since one reason for creating a diffusely held corporation in the first place is to separate governance from investment ,  this measure would raise transaction costs somewhat .         But the  line  must be drawn somewhere regarding shareholders '  participation in company decisions .  
 Had these students been given a basic grounding in principles of business ethics ,  they would have learned that this  " going along to get along "  mentality is exactly what has gotten so many companies into trouble .     In the area of gathering competitors '  information -- where there is a fine  line  between aggressive market research and corporate espionage -- few business decisions are without ethical ramifications .  
 Now everybody and his brother wants out .     Now we can get away from the blurry  line  between pure entertainment and disguised toy commercial .  "  
 Mr .  Dukakis also is being viewed more favorably by black voters ,  whose enthusiastic support he will need in November .     In New York ,  where Mayor Ed Koch ' s strident attacks on Mr .  Jackson helped create a campaign sharply polarized along racial  lines  ,  black voters viewed Mr .  Dukakis unfavorably by a margin of 33% to 27% .  
 But a former Chun government official said there was  " nothing approaching a power struggle after the inauguration of the new president .  "         Others say Mr .  Roh has been walking a fine  line  in the post-Chun period between his own political interests and loyalty to the old friend and fellow general whom he helped bring to power in 1979 .  
 Yet it isn ' t easy to serve both giant aerospace concerns and one-man machine shops .     Milacron also must walk a narrow  line  ,  supplying the machines that manufacturers want today without backing away from advanced technology .  
 Norman M .  Coulson ,  president of Glenfed Inc .  ,  the Glendale ,  Calif . -based parent of the nation ' s fifth-largest thrift ,  noted that his institution has good will on its books stemming from acquisitions of troubled thrifts that were made in the early 1980s to help the FSLIC .      " I ' m concerned about how they draw the  line  ,  "  he said .  
 Earlier this month ,  a major investment banking firm ,  Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc .  ,  took an equity position in a group seeking control of Koppers Co .  ,  a Pittsburgh construction materials concern .     The move marked the first time in memory a takeover adviser crossed the  line  to act as a hostile suitor .  
  " The trend is to respect individual privacy a lot more and tolerate unorthodox life styles ,  "  says Terry L .  Leap ,  a management professor at Clemson University who has studied off-duty firings .     He adds that the growing use of drug testing -- and subsequent firings -- has heightened the issue because it ' s  " drawing the  line  between public and private conduct .  "  
 Like Ms .  Luckyn-Malone ,  whose research is supplemented by a Nikko Securities Co .  affiliate in Tokyo ,  Mr .  Wignall insists that GT ultimately rests its investment decisions on fundamentals .         For Dimensional Fund Advisors ,  the solution to Tokyo ' s inscrutability is elegantly simple: With help from Nomura Securities Co .  ,  DFA ranks companies in the Tokyo Stock Exchange ' s first section by market capitalization ,  draws a  line  between big and small stocks ,  and buys all the small ones -- around 550 of them .  
 That ,  he says ,  is worrisome:  " If the ethics of the corporation become the ethics of the universities ,  then we ' re really in trouble .  "         Even now ,  university business programs  " walk a lot thinner  line  regarding ethics than they used to ,  "  says Charles Hickman ,  director of projects and member services for the American Assembly of Collegiate Schools of Business .  
 In the IBM culture ,  that ' s like Russia ' s Politburo begging reporters to write about a hot young party member .         IBM draws the  line  on too much technical detail ,  however .  
 NBC and Disney would likely share profits from reruns ,  which may be syndicated by Disney ' s Buena Vista sibling ,  if their comedy series ultimately is sold to local stations .         As the  lines  between cable TV and the rest of the business blur ,  cable is mimicking some of regular TV ' s most timeworn techniques ,  such as the spinoff .  
  " What British attorney would defend a Nazi in the second world war ?  "  he asks .     " In Israel ,  we are at war ,  and if you defend terrorists you cross the  line  into the enemy camp .  "         Ms .  Tsemel crossed that line just after the 1967 war .  
 None of the leading Democrats has the nerve -- so far -- to demand from him a more complete accounting .          " In moderation ,  "  Kevin Phillips ,  the GOP theoretician ,  said earlier this week ,   " some of that might actually help the Democrats ,  but drawing the  line  is going to be very tricky .  "  
 A member of the Japanese negotiating team confirmed that Tokyo wants the talks to continue ,  and said it has offered  " sincere and substantive proposals "  and that  " some progress has been made .  "     The Japanese acknowledged ,  though ,  that they had failed to reach agreement with the U . S .  on several issues ,  including how to draw a  line  between the public and private sectors in the projects discussed .  
 The structure of the partnership also allowed the group to bypass federal antitrust regulations that would have prohibited the members from easily accumulating a large position in Koppers stock; yesterday ,  the group disclosed that it held a 7 . 45% stake in the company .         By joining the hostile bid ,  Shearson stepped over the  line  investment banks have long considered but rarely ,  if ever ,  crossed .  
 It also yielded 10 to 12 basis points less than a comparable Ford Motor Credit offering in the U . S .  ,  according to syndication specialists .         However ,  the lackluster reception of General Electric Capital Corp .  ' s mid-February $250 million issue may demonstrate that even a top-rated borrower can overstep the  line  between inexpensive financing and an overly aggressive deal ,  syndication specialists argue .  
 We hear it as a rumor ,  "  says the investor .      " Where do you draw the  line  between a rumor and inside information ?  "  
 He adds that only about 50% of the financial planners affiliated with the company work on commission anyway; the others work for a fee .         The series brings up yet again the controversy over paid programming ,  which can blur the  line  between news and advertising .  
 Mr .  Timmeny ,  now in private practice in Washington ,  is frequently hired by corporate boards in such situations .     That  " bright  line  ,  "  he says ,  is a company ' s formal concensus to go after an acquisition .  
 But Waste Management ' s executives ,  he says ,  never crossed it .         Others say the  line  isn ' t quite so clear .  
   Allegis Corp .  ' s plan to make a $2 . 84 billion tender offer for 63% of its shares appeared to straddle the  line  in a tug-of-war between shareholders and the company ' s management .  
  " Dan Rather was out of control ,  "  said Christine Dolan ,  who directs Cable News Network ' s political coverage .      " He had the right to press the vice president ,  but he crossed the  line  with his badgering .  "  
 Ranchers play classical music to their cattle in the barns ,  while out in the fields ,  workers and their families live on diets of leftover silage .          " The  line  between moral and immoral has vanished ,  "  says Fernando Collor de Mello ,  the governor .         The drive to redraw that line started here several years ago ,  when a state assemblyman named Antonio Saturnino de Mendonca Neto raised charges that the government was full of money-grabbing loafers .  
 All major dealers are  " certainly less aggressive "  in positioning large blocks of bonds ,  says Robert Dennis ,  president of Massachusetts Financial Service ' s MFS Managed Municipal Bond Trust .     The brokerage firms are walking a  " fine  line  between serving their customers and managing their own risk ,  "  he says .  
 For example ,  the question of  " how much is too much "  of a specific toxic chemical is one that has bedeviled regulatory agencies since the beginning of modern toxics law .     Even after a chemical is absolutely confirmed to cause cancer ,  based on laboratory or workplace doses ,  there is extensive debate over the danger of smaller doses ,  and where or whether to draw a  line  between amounts worth worrying about and amounts that can more or less be safely ignored .  
 Even after a chemical is absolutely confirmed to cause cancer ,  based on laboratory or workplace doses ,  there is extensive debate over the danger of smaller doses ,  and where or whether to draw a  line  between amounts worth worrying about and amounts that can more or less be safely ignored .         Under the typical toxics control law ,  government scientists and regulators have the job of deciding where to draw the line for each chemical; and until the line is drawn ,  in effect ,  the law is not in force .  
 This has long been a society divided between the  " haves "  and the  " will haves ,  "  to steal a phrase .     When the day arrives that class  lines  grow rigid ,  when we are a nation of permanent haves and have-nots ,  we will have become something other than America .  
 He proposed developing  " the idea of a  ' reference zone '  that can be sustained for at least 18 months .  "     Others echoed this thought ,  though at least one wondered -- as I do -- whether there is any defensible  line  between the floating rates that have proved so unstable and fixed rates intended to take precedence over domestic economic policy .  
 What this indicates is that when order growth accelerates  .   .   .  each incremental revenue dollar will generate a lot of profit ,  "  Mr .  Schulman added .         Since the stock market crash ,  Digital has been trying to walk a fine  line  between expanding market share -- by increasing sales and marketing spending -- and controlling costs .  
 Should -- and can -- the schools ,  many of which are already overburdened ,  take on the added reponsibility ?     How sharply should the  line  be drawn between the schools '  educational and care functions ?  
 When pressed ,  Heinz Eiermann ,  head of colors and cosmetics for the FDA ,  concedes that the people who buy these things probably  " like to be fooled .  "     But he says  " there ' s a  line  -- it may be a fuzzy line -- where you have to say ,  enough is enough .  "  
  " In the words of Gypsy Rose Lee ,  "  Ms .  Hoyt said ,   " you gotta have a gimmick .  "         This gimmick ,  many PR consultants concur ,  crossed the  line  .  
 Even now ,  university business programs  " walk a lot thinner  line  regarding ethics than they used to ,  "  says Charles Hickman ,  director of projects and member services for the American Assembly of Collegiate Schools of Business .         But in the case at West Virginia University ' s College of Business and Economics ,  the students not only walked the line .  
 However ,  you ' re missing the point .     The constant dancing on the border of what is criminal and what is not and the consistent crossing of the  line  of what is ethical by the attorney general of the United States -- the highest legal officer in the land -- make a mockery of our sense of justice .  
  " But most public companies fail to see the difference between a (short-term) bridge loan and an equity investment ,  anyway .     Shearson stepped over the  line  ,  but it shouldn ' t hurt them .  
 The races mingle in department stores and at downtown restaurants ,  where city employees all eat between noon and one .         But beneath the cordiality is a schism ,  largely along racial  lines  .  
 Once this happens ,  everything from a phone call to a breakfast meeting in the corporate dining room amounts to corporate activity on behalf of a candidate -- something forbidden by the campaign laws .         It ' s too soon to say with certainty where the  line  is or how much one has to do to cross it .  
 BROADWAY ' S NEW hit ,   " The Phantom of the Opera ,  "  takes place in the dim recesses of a 19th century Paris opera house .     The dark ,  ominous set deliberately blurs the  line  between audience and stage; for instance ,  the proscenium has been moved forward to embrace several rows of balcony seats .         But the line between inside and outside the theater has also been blurred .  
 But the law doesn ' t spell out clearly what those  " steps "  could be ,  allowing for sharply different opinions on the matter .          " You look for the bright  line  beyond which you should not trade ,  "  says Wallace Timmeny ,  a former deputy director of the Securities and Exchange Commission ' s enforcement division who was hired by Waste Management ' s special committee to lead the investigation of the insider trading allegations .  
 Mr .  Timmeny ,  now in private practice in Washington ,  is frequently hired by corporate boards in such situations .    That  " bright  line  ,  "  he says ,  is a company ' s formal concensus to go after an acquisition .     Mr .  Timmeny says that individual traders within a company may reach that line before the company itself .  
 And No .  2 ,  (if they do) it should be revealed that that is the arrangement ,  "  he says .      " That ' s a fine  line  across which one shouldn ' t pass .  "  
 The obvious reply is that  " Tour of Duty "  is much more than a macho shoot- ' em-up .     Within the constraints of prime time ,  it offers powerful yet clear-eyed dramatizations of such diverse topics as racial conflict ,  substance abuse ,  the insensitivity of journalists ,  the arrogance of anti-war protesters ,  the poignancy of reunions with loved ones ,  the power of letters from home ,  trust and mistrust toward the South Vietnamese ,  the  line  between useful bravery and useless heroics ,  the ambitions of officers ,  the deceptions of the enemy .  
 While we believe that we should have only the government we need ,  our responsibility to the most vulnerable members of our society requires that we also have all the government we need .     Where the  line  gets drawn is always a matter of judgment .  
 We should consider setting up special camps in our more underpopulated states such as Wyoming or Montana ,  where noncontributing segments of the population can perform useful work  .   .   .  "         Another letter sniffs:  " As viewed from the other ,  presumably greener ,  side of the  line  ,  I can assure you it is impossible to obtain the services of a competent housekeeper .  
 They sit around hoping someone will suddenly say ,   ' Let ' s call it Jell-O .  '  "         Brainstormers are always walking the fine  line  of faux pas .  
 Madison responded that the distinction was  " altogether fanciful .     If a  line  can be drawn between the powers granted and the rights retained ,  it would seem to be the same thing ,  whether the latter be secured ,  by declaring that they shall not be abridged ,  or that the former shall not be extended .  "  
 The high court let stand the Federal Reserve Board ' s approval for a bank holding company ,  a subsidiary of National Westminster Bank PLC ,  Britain ' s largest commercial bank ,  to operate a brokerage subsidiary that trades securities and offers investment advice .         The Fed ' s approval was another in a series of regulatory steps that have blurred the  line  between the banking and securities industries .  
 We ' re inclined to think that the vice president deserves some defending on this point .     He alone seems willing to say that a  line  has to be drawn somewhere in front of the dead-end politics of the Iran-Contra affair .  
 Many are concerned that reducing the overhang quickly will wreck already shaken markets ,  but there is pressure on the regulators from Congress and developers to sell as much as they can as soon as they can ,  and the pace seems to be quickening .          " You walk a very fine  line  between fulfilling your mandate of winding up the affairs of the institution ,  and not creating disruptions in the marketplace ,  "  says Thomas Procopio ,  the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corp .  ' s Southern regional director for receivership activities .  
 It was all too mellow to be believed ,  but they probably would have gotten away with it ,  had they not felt compelled to add Ms .  Collins ' s signature tune ,   " Amazing Grace ,  "  and ask for audience participation .     That went over the permissible  line  for warm and fuzzy feelings .  
  " I ' d be destroying myself ,  "  replies Mr .  Korotich ,  who then asks ,   " What would that accomplish ?  "     His answer reveals his vulnerability -- it also draws the  line  that Soviet society must cross to enter the normal dialogue of Western culture .     It is the line beyond which the press can report not only on the bankruptcy of factories but on the failures of even admirable leaders .  
  " People see extra messages in advertising ,  and if a manufacturer is clearly trying to get something out of it  .   .   .  if it ' s too transparent  .   .   .  then consumers will see through that ,  "  warns John Philip Jones ,  chairman of the advertising department at the Newhouse School of Public Communications at Syracuse University .          " It can backfire because companies can step across the  line  and go too far ,  be too pushy ,  "  agrees Gary Stibel ,  a principal with New England Consulting Group ,  Westport ,  Conn .  
 The FCC now says 8 p . m .  is the time that is all right to begin airing indecent material because children aren ' t likely listening in great numbers .    Earlier ,  the agency set the decency  line  at midnight ,  but an appeals court rejected that time as too restrictive .          " You have to draw some lines ,  "  said Robert Pettit ,  the FCC ' s general counsel .  
 Consultants have said that it will take a while for all the pieces of the IBM strategy to fall into place ,  even though the specific products IBM unveiled will generally be available by the end of the first quarter .         Sam Albert ,  a consultant in Scarsdale ,  N . Y .  ,  said that in the past IBM has developed broad software strategies only for problems that crossed industry  lines  .  
 Moreover ,  ticket splitting appears to take the same peculiar pattern at the state government level as it does at the federal level .     State government is more typically split along Republican-governor/Democratic-legislature  lines  than the reverse .  
 It has been rightly observed that the main thing wrong with tainted money is ,  t ' aint enough of it .         A handful of the New Crowd operators have crossed the  line  from the immoral to the illegal ,  and have ended up in the slammer or paying huge fines: Ivan Boesky ,  Dennis Levine ,  Martin Siegel ,  Victor and Steven Posner ,  and now Michael Milken and perhaps Leona Helmsley .  
 Although Wang will report a loss for the first quarter ended Sept .  30 and the full fiscal year ,  Mr .  Miller says he expects the company will return to profitability by the fourth quarter .         Experts on sales technique say anyone representing a troubled company must walk a fine  line  .  
 That ' s the conventional theory anyway .     In practice ,  however ,  the  line  between interpretation and redefinition of the criminal law long ago began to blur .  
 Or did Mr .  Chestman only hear a market rumor (which one may lawfully trade upon) ?     The  line  seems awfully thin for criminal-law purposes .  
 Although the average citizen is probably not harmed too much from Washington ' s rhetorical war against Wall Street regarding excessive financial leveraging ,  actual legislation would probably impose considerable harm .     Any such attempt to distinguish  " good debt "  from  " bad debt ,  "  or to draw the  line  at a particular industry ,  such as the airlines ,  is likely to blunt the spur that the proper amount of leverage provides both to equity markets and economic efficiency in general .  
  " In most cases ,  the client is more inclined to be conservative because they want to protect a franchise that can take only so much fiddling ,  "  says Mr .  Lindsay .      " You ' re treading a fine  line  .  "  
 Indeed ,  research is the one clear comparative advantage that educational institutions have over other competitors in the field of human-resources development .     The  line  between education and training is often a fine one ,  and European business schools should continue to ensure that the value they can provide is different from that of consulting firms and in-house corporate training programs .  
 News shows used to be sacrosanct -- you showed real footage or you didn ' t show anything .     Today ,  those  lines  are blurred .  
 Bush antitrust officials may not attack a substantially greater number of mergers than the Reagan administration ,  but their choice of cases will signal an intent to apply a tighter mesh .     The Antitrust Division ' s treatment of Coors ' s proposed acquisition of Stroh Brewing will indicate where Mr .  Rill plans to draw the  line  .  
  " We ' ve all done business with them -- sold them cars or houses ,  "  says a Cali banker and polo club member who sometimes has difficulty reaching his office floor because the narcos ,  who also have offices in his building ,  have bribed the elevator operators with soccer tickets to stop only at their floors .      " It ' s very difficult to draw the  line  .  "  
 What shocks at first becomes routine the fourth time ,  and  " normal "  the 14th .         The  line  in mainstream films was crossed in 1976 in  " Silver Streak ,  "  a successful comedy with gratuitous violence spicing up the slapstick .  
 Already there have been passionate exhanges over the issue of Syria .     But the debate hasn ' t followed strictly sectarian  lines  .  
 -- Mr .  Breeden said the regulation system could be strengthened by improving coordination among regulators .     The SEC and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission  " should try to develop mutually acceptable proposals to define product and jurisdictional  lines  ,  "  he said ,  and the lack of clarity in determining jurisdiction  " does adversely affect U . S .  competitiveness .  "  
  " Bush has frustrated them ,  in part by doing so little ,  in part by preserving his popularity .     He ' s been a difficult target and they ' re so eager for a partisan confrontation to draw the  line  with him that they ' ve seized on this .  "  
 He succeeds Richard T .  Gerstner ,  who has a chronic back problem that has kept him from working full-time and who will move into an unspecified ,  special assignment .         Mr .  Cannavino ,  45 years old ,  will bring more technical knowledge to the job than Mr .  Gerstner possessed -- at a time when the  line  between personal computers and workstations is blurring ,  creating a confusing array of technical choices .  
 But some banks have participated in leveraged buy-outs under waivers allowing them to buy nearly 50% of small businesses .         In the current climate in which several leveraged companies have run into trouble ,  unsettling the entire junk-bond market ,  the Fed apparently drew the  line  at allowing the Del Monte unit to qualify as a small business .  
 Among his choices are Coca-Cola ,  Merck ,  Procter & Gamble and Philip Morris .         There is a fine  line  between an economy that crawls and one that falls .     Mickey Levy ,  chief economist at First Fidelity Bancorp .  in Philadelphia ,  says he thinks the economy is walking that line .  
 Thus ,  companies say they ' re forced into a balancing act .     Says Mr .  Brainard of Refined Sugars ,   " You ' re really walking a fine  line  between being able to attract good people and being able to run a profitable business without giving away the store .  "  
 In scenes like the one in which Shirer cooperates with a U . S .  Naval Intelligence officer ' s request to do a little spying on the side ,  the film illustrates very clearly that the survival of press freedom depends on that of legitimately constituted government .     When confronted with a world-class liar like Goebbels ,  or (more recently) with the kind of people who thought nothing of whitewashing the blood from Tiananmen Square ,  it ' s heartening to know that a  line  still exists between journalistic pride and journalistic hubris .  
 Under the Senate bill ,  for example ,  a company could be required to offer any benefits to 90% of employees and pay at least 60% of the costs .         A Senate aide familiar with Section 89 says Rep .  Rostenkowski  " has moved the  line  with this new proposal ,  but he hasn ' t abandoned the principle .  
  " There ' s a lot to be said for it ,  "  says William Poole ,  a Brown University economist and former presidential economic adviser .      " It would promote clear  lines  of responsibility .  "  
 The $60 million Sears just pocketed from the State of Illinois in exchange for retaining its headquarters in the state may well represent a competitive brake on the avarice of the state government .     But there is a fine  line  separating tax rate reductions from the public dole .  
  " I believe in letting companies have a reasonable return .     But where does one draw the  line  and say you ' ve made enough profit ,  and now it ' s unseemly ?  "  asks Peter Jensen ,  chief of infectious diseases of the San Francisco VA Hospital .  
 Some people even blame IRS inaction for encouraging the epidemic of build-nothing bonds .     The more aggressive securities firms  " put a foot over the chalk  line  and looked around ,  and nobody said anything ,  "  says Austin Koenen ,  vice chairman of the Public Securities Association ,   " so everyone else moved over the line .  "  
 The language would extend this prohibition to the 20% of domestic flights that aren ' t currently covered by the no-smoking rule .     The same long-distance traffic accounts for a larger share -- more than a third -- of total airline passengers ,  and tobacco allies had hoped to draw the  line  at two hours .  
 The 37-year-old Mrs .  Ros-Lehtinen ,  who was born in Havana ,  defeated Mr .  Richman ,  48 ,  a Miami lawyer ,  by 53% to 47% in a bitterly fought race that pitted Mrs .  Ros-Lehtinen ' s Little Havana constituency against Mr .  Richman ' s Jewish constituency centered in Miami Beach .         Both candidates were criticized for urging voters to cast their ballots along ethnic  lines  .  
 Of Workaholic Behavior        WITH MANY managers routinely putting in 60 hour work weeks ,  it may seem hard for them to know when they ' ve crossed the  line  from simply working hard to the unhealthy obsession of workaholism .  
 Voters condemn the press for printing all this information at the same time they read every word of it voraciously .  "         Drawing the  line  is tricky business ,  but when it comes to heterosexual politicians ,  at least there are a few basics .  
  " This is unquestionably an indirect shot at General Mills ,  "  says John McMillin ,  food analyst at Prudential-Bache Securities Inc .  ,  noting the questions raised about the study cited in General Mills '  advertising for Benefit .     As for how one can distinguish between a  " claim "  and a  " message ,  "  he says ,   " it ' s a very fine  line  .  "  
 Ileana Ros-Lehtinen ,  who got 53% of the vote ,  is the first Cuban-American elected to Congress .     Both candidates in the bitterly fought race were criticized for urging voters to cast ballots along ethnic  lines  .  
 Mr .  Helmsley ,  80 years old ,  was named in the indictment but Judge John Walker Jr .  ruled he wasn ' t well enough to stand trial .         Tax lawyers say the case involves areas where it is hard to draw the  line  between criminal activity and deficient tax practices .  
  " We ' ve got a lot of clients that will never do this ,  "  Stephen L .  Nesbitt ,  Wilshire ' s head of pension consulting ,  says of junk investing .      " For a lot of foundations and public funds ,  this crosses the  line  of political acceptability .  "  
 ---        Your writers remind us the problem cuts across all socioeconomic  lines  ,  affects all age groups ,  and results in staggering human and financial losses .  
 Adds John P .  Schaefer ,  an outside board member who now is chairman ,  no one wanted to infringe on Mr .  Greve ' s authority and discretion .      " There is a fine  line  ,  "  he says ,   " between oversight and interfering in management .  "  
 Moscow appears willing to permit non-Communists to attempt to revive Warsaw ' s faltering economy so long as the Soviet Union ' s security interests are protected .     Mr .  Walesa understands that there are  lines  drawn by the Soviets that his movement can ' t cross .  
 For House and Senate appropriators ,  changing priorities means adapting old methods to new ends .     Traditional  lines  of jurisdiction blur as foreign-aid ,  space and military accounts are tapped for environmental projects .  
 By slightly modifying its technical standards ,  the new order adds the IBM PS/2 Model 50 and its clones to the list of desktops to be taken off the control list .     The earlier decision drew the  line  at the PS/2 Model 30 and their equivalents .  
 Now Congress ,  it seems ,  is closing the windows ,  pulling the shades ,  and barring the door ,  lest the public see the light .         Sometime ,  somewhere ,  the president needs to draw the  line  .  
 Drawing deeply on a Lucky Strike ,  he says:  " We never had a problems with the NEA until an acknowledged homosexual who died of AIDS -- and I ' m sorry he did -- came along with a series of photographs designed to promote homosexuality .     There I draw the  line  .  "         It is a line that many Beltway Cassandras say may divide lawmakers in  " the smut and obscenity vote of the year ,  "  a line running through an exceptionally tricky political quagmire ,  in which the basic aesthetic issues tend to sink below the surface .  
 Over the decades ,  the Supreme Court has determined that so-called commercial speech -- which it defines as speech leading to a commercial transaction -- has less protection than does the rest of speech .     So if you say  " Buy Finnegan ' s Ice Cream ,  "  that has less protection than if you say  " Ice cream is good for you .  "  (If you say  " Finnegan ' s Ice Cream Is Good for You ,  "  it ' s debatable whether you ' re leading up to a commercial transaction ,  which is one problem with drawing  lines  when lines shouldn ' t be drawn . ) 
 The lawsuit says Mr .  Campbell informed Mr .  Meier of inquiries made by the SEC and the compliance departments of Merrill Lynch and Smith Barney .         Lawyers who have followed such cases say there is a fine  line  between illegal insider trading and piggy-backing that doesn ' t violate the law .  
 Family dissolution ,  moreover ,  is often the consequence rather than the cause of the economic reshuffling we are seeing in America .     While it is true that complex cultural changes have created a steady rise in divorce and illegitimacy during most of the 20th century (the U . S .  has had the highest divorce rate in the world since 1899) ,  people with the lowest educational attainment and greatest vulnerability to poverty have historically had the highest rates of divorce ,  illegitimacy and child neglect .  (Sexual abuse is much more evenly distributed across class  lines  . ) These are the people who have been the big losers since the late 1960s .  
 Even people who did not accept that logic would have regarded it as involving an unnecessary and undesirable deflection of tax and expenditure programs from their long-run course .     There was a policy consensus in favor of Option B in a mild recession and Option C in a severe one ,  with the main argument about how to draw the  line  between mild and severe .  
  " There is no doubt that there is some type of conduct involving the deliberate release of false information that may not just be libelous but may also be fraudulent ,  "  agrees Mr .  Abrams ,  the libel attorney .     But because so few suits are filed over competitive tactics -- and almost none ever decided in court -- the hazy  line  between what ' s fair and what ' s illegal can be hard to pin down .  
 But because so few suits are filed over competitive tactics -- and almost none ever decided in court -- the hazy  line  between what ' s fair and what ' s illegal can be hard to pin down .          " The line is not easy to define ,  "  says Mr .  Hanson .  
  " But it comes when an organization becomes more concerned with destroying a competing business than in demonstrating that its own goods and services are superior .  "         He adds ,   " When the sole purpose of a marketing strategy is the defeat of a certain company ,  then the company has gone across a  line  that probably will lead into questionable behavior .  "  
 The clear suggestion was that they had decided to throw the support of their powerful LDP factions behind Mr .  Kaifu .     Tsutomu Hata ,  a Takeshita-faction Diet member and former agriculture minister ,  said in a television interview that Mr .  Kaifu is  " the type of person who crosses factional  lines  ,  "  meaning that he could be supported by members of other factions .  
   Advertising agencies are used to difficult clients ,  but sometimes you have to draw the  line  .  
 The U . S .  groups feared a return to the violence of the early 1980s by death squads that have been linked to some Arena party leaders .          " We believe the  line  has to be drawn very clearly on El Salvador ,  "  says Mr .  Byrne of Cispes .  
 I think it ' s fair to say that I would like to have the luxury of being able to make a cut as to some types of persons that I would defend ,  and others that I would prefer not to .     There are people or institutions that are legitimate ,  that have a real business ,  and who step over the  line  ,  and have to be held accountable for it .  
 There was thus a limit to Wilson ' s patience  .     He publicly set it at the  line  where admitted neutral rights were infringed after protracted warning  ,  and he made it a point of national self-respect and honor to defend those rights  .  
 The vital judicial issue is apt  ,  therefore  ,  to be their accommodation  .     Decisions thus become essentially a matter of drawing  lines   .  
 Usually we come out that I can tell the company everything that I think will matter in the least bit to what he ' s going to be like on the job from nine to five  .     If I thought he was going to be cruising at the water cooler at ten-thirty in the morning  ,  I might have to draw the  line   .  
 He was going to be put into confinement  ,  perhaps for months ; he would be almost entirely deprived of direct contact with other human beings ; he would live in a sterilized  ,  purified world  .     And then deliberately with further drug and radiation treatment he was going to be driven down to the fine  line  which separates life from death  .  
 What did it mean  ?     Where was the  line  between intimacy and privacy  ?  
 She was surprised when Shirley told her that the Higginses  ,  Shirley ' s first parents-in-law  ,  had spoken of her as a socialist  .     All she had ever done was draw the  line  between possible and inconceivable behavior  ,  which were her personal substitutes for right and wrong  .  
 Presently  ,  when James gave a farewell party because his sisters and brothers-in-law were leaving Paris  ,  he casually invited the Maurels and the Ziffs  .     Here they drew the  line  : enough was enough  .  
 I can ' t see any basic difference between selling your body for sex and selling it for baseball or football ; or for that matter  ,  selling the ability to write or draw  .     With sex  ,  the  line  between giving a dinner or a trinket and giving cash seems particularly thin  .  
 By ignoring the democratic means that is perhaps the most basic tenet of liberalism  ,  these new liberals in fact abandoned their earlier faith  .     Not surprisingly  ,  conservatives welcomed this change of heart  ,  as well as the program of social order and economic development  ,  thus blurring the  lines  between the two historic rivals  .  
 This attitude is at the root of most of the cheating that has become so prevalent lately  ,  above all among successful students in  "  good  "  schools  .     The  line  is not easy to draw between reading a teacher ' s mind  ,  or making him think you know what you don ' t know  ,  and outright cheating  .  
 Studying the human condition  ,  a writer uses such enlightenment as comes to hand  .     And as for the sexes  ,  artists in every field have been able to cross that  line  ; it is common knowledge that witches can change their sex at will  .  
 In 1916  ,  Harvard research physiologists regarded the engineering sciences somewhat as philosophers of the sixteenth century looked on barber-surgeons useful creatures but hardly to be included in the guild of scholars  .     When Cecil proposed the appointment of his brother Philip  ,  he stepped across traditional academic  lines   .  
 Its labor directors and faculty members were progressives or radicals  .     No political  lines  were drawn in admitting students so that typically the student body included conservative trade unionists as well as Communist party members  .  
 On the other hand  ,  we should seek to minimize  ,  if not entirely eliminate  ,  our military presence in the less developed countries of Asia  ,  and we should minimize alliances that commit us irrevocably to their defense  ,  particularly in unilateral action  ,  or run the risk of embroiling us in their civil wars  .     It will not always be easy to draw the  line  between undesirable military roles and useful ones  .  
 Forward supplies can largely be stored in these same areas  ,  and land forces are best held in reserve on our own soil  .     Drawing a  line  between military aid and military involvement may be harder  ,  but it can be done if we keep the distinction clearly in mind  .  
 To Lincoln ' s charge that popular sovereignty was incompatible with the Dred Scott decision  ,  Douglas replied that citizens of a territory could bypass the decision simply by failing to pass laws to protect slavery  ,  since slavery obviously could not exist anywhere without laws to protect it  .     The reply was sufficient to let Douglas gain re-election to the Senate in Illinois  ,  but it split the Democratic party into slavery and popular-sovereignty factions which divided along sectional  lines   .  
 The fact is  ,  however  ,  that while the regime has fluctuated between permissiveness and crackdowns  ,  nothing fundamental has changed  .     The supposed new freedoms and reforms all stop safely before the  line  where they might impinge on the power monopoly  .  
 The objective was to make a killing  ,  and nothing less would do  .     The climbing curve of the Dow-Jones averages was literally a fever chart of a speculative virus which crossed all social and economic  lines   .  
 Misprision is one thing ; cocksure  ,  quick-on-the-trigger judgments are another  .     It is a narrow  line  we walk  ,  always  ,  between help and hindrance  .  
 The relationship between the two is dialectical ; it is impossible to determine in the abstract at what exact point a gang of common criminals becomes a revolutionary army  .     In practice  ,  Prime Minister Trudeau concluded that with the kidnaping of the British diplomat  ,  James Cross  ,  and Pierre Laporte  ,  the Quebec Liberation Front ( FLQ ) had crossed the  line   .  
 It is no wonder that many of the old sourdoughs made it a practice to break up partnerships before the winter set in  ,  living like hermits until spring mellowed the atmosphere and made companionship desirable again  .     For those who normally tread at the very edge of mental disorder  ,  the advent of the long darkness is the catalytic agent that pushes them over the  line  into the realm of insanity  .  
 She turned to confront him  ,  a spark of anger in her eyes  .   "     That goes beyond the  line  of pleasing  ,  sir  !  
 Adams was prone to absent himself from capital and cabinet when Congress was not in session  ,  tempting his subordinates to seek other counsel  .     But Hamilton overstepped the  line  of propriety  ,  indeed of candor  .  
 As far as I ' m concerned  ,  if anyone expects me to accept his rules on sex  ,  he must prove that he doesn ' t have dusty cobwebs inside his skull or in his crotch  .     Having said all that  ,  I can almost hear your next question : Is there any place where daddy does draw the  line   ?  
 At a height of 6 feet  ,  4 inches and weight of 220 pounds  ,  Greg Cook is cut from the mold that Roman Gabriel has made fashionable for quarterback stars  .     Much more handsome than Namath  ,  with blond hair swirling mod-style about his face  ,  Greg says  ,   "  There ' s a hairline difference between confidence and overconfidence and I ' m sitting right on that  line   .   "  
 In fact  ,  the religions of many simple peoples are more involved than our own  .     Where we draw the  line  between superstition and religion  ,  primitive man does not  .  
 And he favored husbands accompanying their wives to the hospital  ,  donning a white smock  ,  and lending their emotional support during labor  .     But after that he drew the  line   .  
  "  While Canterbury stood silent  ,  a Kent State functionary stared at Lunine and said  ,   "  Those students shouldn ' t be on that hill  .     There has to be a  line  drawn somewhere  .  
 On some regionals  ,  in fact  ,  specialists have strong ties to the third market because they are free  ,  as Big Board specialists are not  ,  to shop with third-market firms when trying to buy or sell blocks  .     The  lines  between the third market and the other markets are blurring in other ways  .  
 Right now you may be in love with Rachael and trying to know the limits of that love  .     Apparently the  line  is drawn short of marriage  .  
 For what one practitioner has termed  "  therapy virgins  ,   "  however members with no previous experience of group therapy the marathon is not without its dangers  .     Ordinary neurotics well within the borders of any definition of sanity often undergo in their daily lives states that verge on the psychotic ; a marathon may push these persons over the  line  into an actual psychosis  .  
 Here was age inconceivable but not death  ,  for the Moon had never lived until now  .     The descending ship was poised almost above the  line  dividing night from day  ,  and directly below was a chaos of jagged shadows and brilliant  ,  isolated peaks catching the first light of the slow lunar dawn  .  
 From Canada comes an example of this genre  ,  Zero the Fool  ,  a movie shot  ,  edited and directed by Morley Markson and in this case  ,  the names and major events don ' t seem to have been tampered with even slightly  .     Kay Armatage  ,  a critic for Montreal ' s avant-garde bimonthly Take One  ,  reviews this final assault on the thin  line  separating  "  cinema life  "  from  "  real life  .   "  
 Okay  .     Most of us have to function somewhere below the genius  line   .  
 It ' s sheer presumption to suppose that the organic orientation of matter is any more lively than the inorganic  ,  it ' s sheer human vanity to imagine the soul is any more immutable than a piece of rock  ,  a pebble in a penguin ' s nest  .     Draw for me  ,  the ice said  ,  the  line  between life and not-life  .  
 I merely lacked the hammer of thigh and hip muscles which normally drive the nail home  .     The  line  between me and the youth frolicking in the sea with my girl was a thin one  ,  but I couldn ' t step over it  .  
 And then  ,  in a quiet voice  ,  almost as though she were talking to herself  ,  as though she had forgotten the existence of the others  ,  Annette said :  "  Where will it end  ?     Where will the  line  be drawn  ?  
 How is it going to be closed again  ?     Who ' s going to draw the  line   ?  
 A somewhat smaller percentage of married couples complain that their mothers-in-law are too indifferent and disinterested in them  .     These represent the two sides of a very narrow  line  that a mother must walk as soon as her child marries  .  
 In France the best athletes have jobs at which they do little or no work  ,  in order to permit them to concentrate on training  .     Even Australia  ,  one of the few nations that still hold a firm  line  between amateurism and professionalism  ,  sends its team to camp for an extended pre-Olympic period  .  
 The front had been brought much closer to shore ; it now lay only two hours from port  ,  where sky and water met in the west  .     That was the thin  line  between war and peace  .  
  "  Young lady  ,  I ' m afraid some of your ideas need rethinking before you carry them out into the world  .   "     It was a pleasantly tough smile on a face itself pleasantly tough  ,  despite the blurring of  line  that overweight and the passing years had brought  ,  and Shirley ' s answering smile lit up the corners of her personality  .  
 When the service is over  ,  the families sit down to a robust meal and a good long chat  ,  for conversation remains an essential part of life in the absence of such pale substitutes as television  .     Generally  ,  however  ,  work and religion are the twin themes because the Amish draw no  line  between work and religion and life  .  
 I was  ,  in part  ,  terribly discouraged  ,  but at the same time excited by the narrow escape from victory  .     The  line  between the Russian cellist ' s cooperation and rejection seemed so thin  .  
 In general  ,  childhood phobias are less serious than phobias which develop later in life  .     It is difficult to draw a fine  line  between universal fears and common phobias  .  
 One of the toughest Department troubleshooters  .     His presence reflected the sensitive  line  between Air Force and State  .  
 No .  She could not prove that Mrs .  Willymore had secret intentions  ,  or that her words were false  .     The  line  between recovering and has recovered was fine  .  
 Equality  ,  on its positive side  ,  reflects the desire of individuals to emulate the good life as exemplified by others  ,  to catch up  ,  to improve  ,  to excel  ,  to realize more fully their potential  ,  to develop and express themselves  ,  to contribute  ,  to count ( and be counted ) as responsible actors in their time  .     But across a thin  line  lies the other aspect of the drive for equality  .  
 One of the most important paintings from this find  ,  Front Face  ,  a portrait of a Negro child in a soldier suit  ,  realized $67 , 000 at Parke-Bernet in 1970  .     Sometimes the  line  between expertise and plain dumb luck is very thin  .  
 From here on  ,  either he would sit on his own front porch watching his cattle feed on his hillside  ,  or he would return to San Soucie and give himself up  .     Was the  line  between heaven and hell really so thin  ?  
 The definition of alcoholism is vague  ,  and the diagnosis is difficult  .     It ' s not always easy to know where to draw the  line  between a strong dependency on alcohol and out-and-out alcoholism  .  
 Senators are constantly asked to choose between particular regional needs and nationwide goals  ,  and the good ones learn to balance their loyalites  .     They walk a fine  line  in doing it  .     The career diplomats in Kabul also had a fine line to walk  .  
  " This money has never been carried out of the company in cash ,  but it must have been transformed at one point into cash ,  "  he said .      " So from Frankfurt there is possibly a  line  of bank accounts that will shed more light on this .  "  
  " I will be out of work shortly; that ' s why I want to leave ,  "  says Ruben Arabean ,  a 30-year-old engineer ,  married with two children .     As he waits in  line  for his immigration visa at the Australian Embassy ,  he explains:  " I want to live in a country where things are planned out ,  where the budget is approved at the beginning of the year ,  not at the end .  "  
 My eyes were wide open in search of the unknown .         As I moved my platoon of 20-odd teen-agers through the jungle ,  I chose to walk third in the  line  of march .  
 In Quito ,  where buildings rocked and cracked but didn ' t collapse ,  automobile use is restricted and soldiers guard the gas stations .         At Quito ' s air force base ,  earthquake victims wait in  line  for hours to hitch rides on cargo planes to the earthquake zone .  
 The columnist goes on:  " If a person is kind ,  or generous ,  it ' s an event .  "     Her mail ,  she says ,  touches on sore spots ranging from poor manners in supermarket  lines  to talking during movies .  
 So did People Magazine ,  AP and a dozen photographers .         Outside ,  a  line  of customers waited to get in .  
 The head of an international bank in Singapore confirms that he sends his driver onto the streets every weekday at 5 a . m .  with instructions not to return without a copy .     By getting out so early ,  the driver can be first in  line  when the newsstands open .  
 Edward ,  just six months old ,  mostly sleeps and eats banana mush .     His mother mostly sits in  lines  and watches Kung Fu and wildlife films on the four closed-circuit television screens in the dingy reception area .     About 300 other black people who have come to register for one thing or another are also waiting and watching ,  and more are standing in an even longer line outside .  
 For their part ,  some indigenous valley residents complain that their native soil has already become a veritable colony of the Midwest .     A Latino businessman saw something symbolic about recently spending 20 minutes in a cafeteria  line  behind a group of Winter Texans ,  only to find that the Mexican entree was sold out by the time he was served .  
 Mr .  Hodel ,  a former energy secretary ,  has been the most outspoken cabinet member on the threat to the U . S .  from dependence on oil imports .     He has been warning that unless the U . S .  changes its ways ,  it will face gasoline  lines  within two to five years .  
 Am I right or am I wrong ?  "         He is every bit as high on his scheme to unify this bifurcated city with a  line  of gondolas suspended 320 feet above the Mississippi River .  
 For most of nine hours we prowl the shoreline and places in the lake where weeds or fallen trees puncture the water ' s surface .     We cruise a  line  of rundown boat sheds ,  and Cook slips a neat cast into each .  
 The Japanese ,  sociologists note ,  tend to follow the crowd .     They measure the quality of ice cream ,  for example ,  by the length of the  line  in front of the shop .  
 C-LD-R L-V-S V-NNA reads a sign in Caldor ' s book department .     The 1 , 000 or so people fighting for a place in  line  have no trouble filling in the blanks .  
  " Nope ,  "  says Ms .  White firmly .         She has only 90 minutes to sign books for the privileged 250 who queued up before Caldor ' s closed off the  line  .  
 Ms .  White kisses a little girl who brings her a rose .      " Give ME a kiss ,  "  yell some high school boys in the middle of the long and winding  line  .  
  " I get her first ,  "  says his friend and classmate Kevin Marski .     Meanwhile ,  a woman offers Dan Kelly a $1 bribe to cut into the bulging  line  and get Ms .  White to autograph a book .  
 Mr .  Kent believes the incident ,  which lasted two or three minutes ,  may have been connected to some sort of high-energy weapons experiment .         Two years ago ,  Mr .  Nonella ' s buckaroo found four dead cattle lying in a straight  line  one mile long ,  their chests and bellies pocked by some sort of lesions .  
 Some food shortages were reported .     Tourism slumped and  lines  for visas and passports formed as people sought to leave the South Pacific nation .  
 So there ' s a new emphasis on trying to make such transactions just a bit more pleasant .         In New York and some other cities ,  for example ,  the service is experimenting with computers that can tell customers how long they ' ll wait in  line  before being helped .  
 But a consumer-price index wouldn ' t capture the full measure of inflation .     Experts note that rampant repressed inflation shows up in long  lines  at stores ,  poor quality of goods ,  new products that contain no improvements over cheaper earlier models and shrinking selections on store shelves .  
   Back in December ,  Harrison J .  Goldin was at the front of a long  line  of institutional investors itching to take a verbal swipe at General Motors Corp .  and its chairman ,  Roger Smith .  
 Then amid profound silence he assured his audience ,  sedate and terrified ,  that while their personal safety was most dear to him he felt bound to confide that the plane ' s computer system was down ,  he had no idea how much fuel was left in the plane ,  and he was planning an unscheduled landing in Atlanta forthwith .         Such episodes are now the conversational loose change of airport bars and taxi  lines  .  
 He ' s the leader-elect of West Germany ' s biggest party ,  the Social Democrats ,  and he ' s standing before a downtown hall full of workers in a city that ' s long been a SPD stronghold .     Down the street ,  monuments to the German welfare state -- the health office ,  the employment office and the union -- stand in a  line  .  
 It ' s actually a waste of time to debate the merits of each case ,  because under our current tort system ,  it really doesn ' t matter who was wrong or responsible for the injury .         In this society ,  if someone gets hurt ,  somebody ,  anybody must pay -- and a  line  of hungry trial lawyers will be waiting outside the hospital room to get a share of the action .  
 But while Alysheba ' s win made him big stuff with the turf cognoscenti ,  it was ,  as usual ,  only a rumor to a large part of the throng of 130 , 000 that annually turns the old twin-spired track into the nation ' s biggest picnic grounds .     Behind me in the serpentine taxi  line  outside the track after the races was a sunburned young couple lugging a huge cooler .  
 But not nearly as many immigrants showed up the first day as had been expected .     The wait-and-see attitude among wary illegal immigrants was typified by Rudolfo Aspara Contreras ,  a native of Michoacan ,  Mexico ,  who spent the morning observing a  line  of applicants outside a Houston processing center .  
 The distribution of applications ,  and the processing of the few turned in yesterday ,  appeared to go smoothly in most locations .     The INS had braced for a crush of applicants; in Houston ,  for instance ,  when long  lines  began forming a day early ,  officials passed out applications to about 1 , 000 before the law actually took effect .  
 He frequents the flea markets .     He  lines  up daily outside state parts shops ,  fingering a list of scarce bits and pieces .  
 Should the FDA ' s new rules on experimental drugs go into effect without being compromised ,  they will be a watershed event in American medical science .     The U . S .  ,  which possesses the intellectual and financial resources to produce some of the world ' s most useful medical interventions ,  has for years labored under a system that made Americans stand at the end of the  line  for these treatments .  
 During his controller ' s tenure ,  which ended in 1983 ,  he did several refresher stints behind restaurant counters .      " Some people on the cooking  line  would tell me that my name sounds familiar; then they would realize it ' s on their paychecks ,  "  he says .  
 The 76-year-old physician ' s latest study ,  published in the October 1986 issue of the American Heart Journal ,  found that heart-attack victims cut their risk for a second attack in half by completing training he has devised .         The two-year program at the Meyer Friedman Institute in San Francisco includes patience-building drills such as driving in the slow lane of traffic or standing in long  lines  at banks .  
 But why are Mr .  Hodel and Secretary of Energy John Herrington trying to resurrect another  " energy crisis "  ?     Mr .  Hodel has warned of  lines  at the gas pumps in  " two to five years .  "  
 The hospital director is taken away by the secret police .         The novel ends with a vivid taxi ride to the American Embassy in Tehran ,  surrounded by angry crowds who will overrun it and take hostages in just a few months ,  and with a final burst of imperialist frenzy on  line  at the caviar shop in the Tehran airport minutes before the jets take off for Geneva ,  Los Angeles and New York .  
 The platform is crowded with soldiers buying tickets to Chimoio ,  the next stop on the corridor .     A boy with a basketball ,  which could use some air ,  also waits in  line  .  
 He aroused an angry backlash in Canada when he suggested that Canada is demanding strong U . S .  acid-rain controls to improve its own energy exports to the U . S .     His wide-ranging comments on energy policies have irritated Energy Secretary John Herrington ,  who has publicly disagreed with Mr .  Hodel ' s predictions of gasoline shortages and gas-station  lines  in two to five years .  
  " Things may never turn back like they were ,  "  says James T .  Trado ,  the senior vice president and general manager of Mazda Motors of America ' s Eastern U . S .  operations .      " We went several years without enough vehicles -- customers were waiting in  line  .  
 It ' s just declasse ,  "  said Joel Silverman ,  a money manager attending the conference .      " I ' d rather go out and pay retail for the stuff than wait in  line  for a free album .  "  
 He continues at this often thankless job ,  he says ,  because of the  " injustices out there .  "     He recalls handing out food last Christmas to a long  line  of laid-off workers:  " It made me want to hold on to the jobs I have .  "  
 The jokes Russians tell among themselves are more pointed .     Marshall Goldman ,  co-director of Harvard ' s Russian Research Center ,  heard this one: Two Russians are standing in a long  line  to buy vodka ,  grumbling about Gorbachev ' s restriction on liquor-store hours .  
 Laments over deteriorating standards of public courtesy are nearly as old as civilization ,  so perhaps those who feel besieged by rampant rudeness are simply responding to new forms of rudeness made possible by social and technological changes .         The advent of large ,  self-service supermarkets and department stores has made it possible for the inconsiderate to wheel full shopping carts into express checkout  lines  .  
 IBM has said it has received tens of thousands of orders for 9370s ,  and analysts generally put the number at 40 , 000 to 45 , 000 .     The analysts said ,  though ,  that many customers placed those orders just to get in  line  for an early delivery and could still withdraw the orders without penalty if the 9370 doesn ' t seem to meet expectations .  
 At Delta Kogyo Co .  ' s plant in Hiroshima ,  for example ,  two women operate three machines that turn out seat-reclining devices for Mazda .     Until October ,  the work took three people -- one for each machine -- but the seat maker found that by arranging the machines in a circle instead of a straight  line  ,  two workers were enough .  
 Bowler Earl Anthony was supposed to begin a practice session for the True Value Open at 10:30 a . m .  at Landmark Lanes here on Tuesday ,  but the cluster of autograph seekers was so deep around him that he couldn ' t shake free until about 10:45 .     As he bowled ,  new  lines  formed ,  and for the next hour he halted his exertions every 10 minutes or so to accommodate them .  
 Advocates of systematic investing say it ' s impossible to time the market and that most individual investors get killed trying .      " It ' s like trying to pick the fastest  line  at the bank ,  "  says Bryan Mattes ,  assistant vice president of the Vanguard group of mutual funds in Valley Forge ,  Pa .  
 And many expressed the hope for continued clear ,  mild weather .         Sunshine eased the pain of standing in long  lines  to enter some crowded stores along New York ' s Fifth Avenue .  
 On Saturday ,  from morning until dusk ,  there were more than 100 people  lined  up to enter F . A . O .  Schwarz ' s new toy store at 58th Street and Fifth .     Said one man who had been in line 20 minutes ,   " Put it this way: I wouldn ' t be here in a blizzard .  "  
 But the company recognizes that improving service requires changes that can ' t be measured in numbers .      " Goal for  ' 87 is turning glares into gleams ,  "  Eastern ' s employee newsletter says ,  showing photos of glowering customers in long  lines  at ticket counters .  
 The ruling involves the area that ,  although technical ,  is important in determining where lawsuits may be brought ,  and where companies and other defendants may be forced to defend themselves .         In a long  line  of decisions ,  the Supreme Court has said there must be  " minimum contacts "  between a company and a state before the company can be sued in that state .  
 That trend intensified when ,  starting in 1981 ,  Nissan Motor Co .  built its Smyrna ,  Tenn .  ,  plant ,  largely without union workers .     The Toyota plant was seen by the unions as  " the second domino in what we feared would be a long  line  of losses on major construction projects ,  "  Mr .  Hammond says .  
 She is from a political family: Her mother ,  a member of the school board in Manchester for 13 years ,  worked in the presidential campaigns of Wilbur Mills and Lyndon Johnson here ,  and Miss Reardon remembers licking envelopes for a Democratic gubernatorial candidate at age four .          " From the grubby ,   ' what-do-I-get-out-of-it ?  '  view of politics ,  there ' s a long  line  of people who are ahead of me in the Hart campaign ,  "  says Miss Reardon ,  who is interested in arms-control issues ,  troubled by the deficit and opposed to operation of the nuclear power plant at Seabrook .  
 The men stretch their feet and pay attention to correct arm positions .     The women hold their shoulders at a graceful angle ,  maintain a clean ,  unbroken  line  and use their eyes as an adjunct to expressiveness of movement .  
 The company blamed expansion-related costs and a more competitive U . K .  government bond market .     Just before that ,  a Canadian financial and health concern ,  Crownx Inc .  ,  bought a 14 . 9% stake in Mercantile House ,  joining a  line  of foreigners swooping in on British financial houses .  
 As the afternoon wore on ,  an air of crisis hung about the firm .     Television cameramen ,  chased out of the lobby of the firm ' s headquarters by security guards ,  hovered around the long  line  of limousines parked outside Goldman ' s headquarters .  
 But even the improved American prospects didn ' t turn this event into a gate attraction .     On Saturday ,  when the sun shone brightly and temperatures were in the 50s ,  the  line  of cars trying to get into a car wash across the highway from the 400-meter oval at the Wisconsin State Fairgrounds was longer than that seeking admission to the races .  
 The most fundamental element of a program to deal with the present disequilibrium in the world economy is to remember that the pricing system works ,  and attempting to fix prices always produces mischief .         In the 1970s ,  the U . S .  saw gasoline prices as the problem and thereby imposed on itself long  lines  at filling stations .  
 While Catholic and Jewish agencies have had enough beds to accommodate children of those religions ,  Protestant agencies have not .     That has meant that non-Catholic and non-Jewish children have had to get at the end of the  line  for acceptance into agencies ,  solely because of their religion .  
 Mr .  Smyth and the three hunters continued their ridge-top hunt and within minutes were in the midst of more flushing prairie chickens .     The hunter at the left of the  line  ,  the one who had yet to bag a bird ,  was quick to score .  
 Organizers ,  who expected maybe 2 , 000 or 3 , 000 visitors ,  were stunned by what happened .     Nearly 30 , 000 people showed up ,  some waiting in  line  for three hours .  
  " You ' ll have to look in your miracle section for an answer .  "         Miracle or not ,  St .  Nicholas ' s icon is attracting such throngs that parishioners must put in long hours organizing the  lines  of tourists .  
 Some believers say the Madonna is spilling tears of joy .     But after waiting in  line  for an hour to see the icon the other day ,  Alice Stavrides takes a dimmer view:  " It means society had better shape up .  "  
 The committee ' s civilian anti-crime squads have stopped their nightly patrols .     Residents say they miss the committee ' s weekend soup  lines  ,  which enriched their diets of rice ,  beans and bananas .  
   To Salomon Brothers ,  which in October claimed another in a long  line  of firsts staked out by Wall Street firms last year .  
 From George Washington ' s time on up to 1932 ,  you were able on New Year ' s Day to shake hands with the president of the United States .     You just got in  line  ,  no questions asked ,  and waited your turn .  
 John W .  Hunefeld ,  "  read a Jan .  2 ,  1936 ,  news item ,   "  .   .   .  walked through the snow to the White House today to retain a hollow title .     Since 1926 Hunefeld had claimed the distinction of being first in  line  for the traditional New Year ' s Day reception there .  
 Curmudgeons are horrified by Warren Burger ' s plans for celebrating the bicentennial of the Constitution .     He wants 50 million copies of the holy document printed on cereal boxes and sold in supermarket checkout  lines  .  
 That ' s not to say that Mr .  Wilson has abandoned his characteristic bag of stage tricks: He sends vultures ,  geese and herons flapping lazily through the air; he perches a giant singing owl on a tree limb; Robert E .  Lee floats weightless in space; and Abraham Lincoln ,  tall as a house ,  wafts across the stage like some benign monster ,  then goes belly up .     The intricate lighting ,  by Beverly Emmons and Mr .  Wilson ,  makes magic of a  line  of singers in Christophe de Menil ' s billowing black robes ,  or of a narrow ladder silhouetted against a bare drop .  
 To cut vodka consumption in the battle against alcoholism ,  a liter bottle -- a treasured solace for many Russians -- was more than doubled in price to 15 rubles ,  or about one-tenth of the average worker ' s monthly pay .     Production was curbed ,  and half the liquor stores were closed ,  increasing the average wait in  line  to three hours .  
 By midnight ,  the moon is an intense white spotlight beaming on no less than 50-odd ensembles and hundreds of onlookers .         Some partiers practically wait in  line  for the prime spot: a gaping hole in the barn below the illuminated  " Live Bluegrass Music "  sign from which lucky ones sit and swing their legs .  
 His deputy ,  William Ruckelshaus also refused ,  and Mr .  Nixon fired him .     Then Mr .  Nixon turned to the person who was third in  line  ,  Solicitor General Bork .  
 Two other stations just pump gas .         But standing in the midst of them ,  with its service bays full and cars waiting in  line  ,  is a Minit-Lube center .  
 On weekdays ,  there ' s often no wait .     But on Stella Link Road during a typical Saturday rush recently ,  the  line  to get into the Minit-Lube service bay was at least an hour long .  
 Its cost of $22 billion is more than four times Libya ' s estimated petroleum earnings in 1986 .     The average Libyan must pay for this by standing longer in  line  for scarce consumer goods .  
  " I ' d hit balls nights ,  mornings ,  when it rained ,  when it snowed -- I could never get enough golf ,  "  remembered Zembriski .      " On Friday nights after work ,  I used to sleep in the car at public courses so I could be the first in  line  ,  as soon as they opened the doors .  
 His friends look at him in disbelief .      " If you really think that ,  "  Elias says ,   " why aren ' t you in  line  applying for amnesty ?  "  
 They have high regard for some studies ,  while other research ,  even if it has enjoyed brief ,  intense popularity ,  gets debunked as unsupported or misleading (including Konrad Lorenz ' s  " critical period " ) .     For parents overwhelmed by the advice of so many researchers ,  their own pediatricians ,  and even the cashiers in checkout  lines  ,  this sifting of the evidence is useful .  
 The authors find little empirical evidence to support a positive answer to these questions .     Parents ,  then ,  can nod and smile to the Ann Landerses of the checkout  lines  and escape with their confidence intact .  
 He asserted that few other companies have the resources or the desire to take on JWT .      " If there are any other bidders ,  I think the  line  at the door is very short ,  "  he said .  
 The industry ' s technological track record in other areas is spottier: The know-how is there ,  but the willingness or ability to use it lags far behind .     Travelers today still wait in long  lines  at baggage check-in or at the departure gate -- procedures that can be automated .  
 He says he slipped away from his protesting doctor ,  staggered into a government press conference and announced that he knew the man ' s identity and wanted to confirm that there was a reward .         Mr .  Batuigas made his reputation in the 1970s by several times passing through police siege  lines  to negotiate the surrender of gunmen who were holding hostages .  
   President Reagan is warning that if the U . S .  Navy doesn ' t defend oil shipping in the Persian Gulf ,  Americans may soon be waiting in gasoline  lines  again .  
 The kids could then take their squid prints home to tack on their bedroom wall or stick on the refrigerator with a squid magnet purchased at the souvenir booth .         There was a long  line  at the squid face-painting booth ,  from which small children emerged with large squid bodies painted on their foreheads and 10 squid legs extending down their cheeks .  
 It is also an easy political target ,  and its image of inefficiency and corruption is a drain on the Sandinistas '  lagging popular support .         Micoin is widely blamed for more problems than any 11 , 000-member ministry could ever possibly hope to fix -- from the extra hours consumers must wait in  line  for rationed food ,  to falling agricultural production caused by Micoin ' s stifling price controls ,  to the proliferation of a politically hostile class of small merchants operating outside the socialist-planned economy .  
 At a Micoin neighborhood food store in Managua ' s Santa Ana Sur barrio ,  residents blame the ministry for distributing spoiled cooking oil that gives their children indigestion .     Once every 15 days barrio housewives leave bricks ,  empty paint cans and bottle caps outside the store at 9 a . m .  to secure a place in  line  for the 1:30 p . m .  opening .  
 The Nikolai Quarter ,  for example ,  sports a set of new dining accommodations ,  but a recent hunt for a restaurant lunch there was as depressing as ever .      Lines  spilled out into the street and around corners .  
 Mr .  Trinkl said he recommended that the workers accept the offer after the company threatened to replace the strikers .      " We didn ' t have any other jobs for our people and I didn ' t want to put them on the welfare  line  ,  "  he said .  
 The Bloomingdale ' s store at the mall ,  manager John Guerra said ,  posted a  " double-digit increase "  in December sales this year .     And stores throughout the mall were especially crowded the day after Christmas ,  with shoppers waiting in  line  for the doors to open at 9 a . m .  and then flocking to the bargains in the trim-a-tree section at Bloomingdale ' s to buy decorations for next Christmas .  
 A cook at a local Italian restaurant ,  the 38-year-old Ms .  Figueroa sat in the back seat of her nephew ' s car so that she would have her own window to roll down .         While Mr .  Parra hopes his drive-up window will shorten the  lines  inside the center ,  he hasn ' t yet figured out what he ' ll do if it causes traffic jams .  
  " It wasn ' t obvious how the assembly process went ,  "  he recalls .      " I said to myself I don ' t know where the  line  starts and ends .  
  " Canada is still trying to get some leverage from the U . S .  "  said Mr .  Waitzer ,  who warned foreign firms are losing interest in the Canadian market .      " You can only keep them waiting in  line  for so long ,  "  he said .  
  " If I ' ve ever attended an electric evening ,  "  the General Motors chairman said on a Detroit radio talk show last week ,   " that was it .  "         He went on:  " They have a very nice custom there of a receiving  line  .     And as I went through the receiving line with my wife Barbara ,  why ,  we ' ve gotten to know the President well enough that his aide doesn ' t have to introduce us to him ,  he recognized us .  
  " We told him he could bid with other developers ,  "  says Meyer Frucher ,  the president of the Battery Park City Authority .      " Sam said he didn ' t want to stand in a delicatessen  line  .  "  
 Although Mr .  Aganbegyan is believed to have Mr .  Gorbachev ' s ear on issues of economic reform ,  he is only one of many officials working out details of what could be a very controversial and disruptive change in the Soviet economy .     An economic reformer ,  Mr .  Aganbegyan believes that lower subsidies would make the economy more efficient and reduce the  lines  and shortages that Soviet consumers currently endure .  
 In fact ,  she mocks herself for occasionally exploiting it .      " Like I ' ll walk into a deli and go right up to the head of a  line  as though I don ' t know there ' s a line there and say ,   ' I ' d like  .   .   .   '  Or I ' ll buy a ticket for a movie and go up to the security guard and say my dog really can ' t stand in that line ,  and he ' ll say ,   ' Well ,  come right in .  '  "  
 The real bargains go to those tourists with the strong currency .     For example ,  just stand outside a Louis Vuitton shop in Hong Kong and watch middle-class Japanese alight from tourist buses and form  lines  on the sidewalk ,  says Mr .  White .  
 Last year ,  Hutton took a $130 million charge against fourth-quarter earnings for liabilitiies related to municipal bonds it had improperly sold to customers a few years ago ,  and Merrill feared there could be more of such problems ,  these sources said .         Hutton ,  founded in 1904 ,  thus becomes the latest in a long  line  of major securities firms to seek a larger parent .  
 But most major expansion efforts won ' t be completed for at least another year .     In the meantime ,  travelers must risk missing flights because they can ' t find spaces ,  or must wait in long  lines  to get through exit toll booths .  
 In the meantime ,  travelers must risk missing flights because they can ' t find spaces ,  or must wait in long  lines  to get through exit toll booths .         At Newark ,  though ,  long lines can pay off; drivers are occasionally let through the booths without paying .  
 In 1978 ,  the year air travel was deregulated ,  the airlines carried 275 million passengers; this year ,  the total is expected to be more than 450 million .     This means crowded parking lots ,  long  lines  in restrooms ,  flight delays and tedious waits for baggage -- which the FAA says are bound to worsen unless airport capacity is added .  
 A chaos of cars and tents and trailers covers a field of trampled tall grass .     In late afternoon ,  bathing suits flap on clotheslines ,  and a  line  has formed outside the showers .  
   A hundred cowboys and cowgirls race their horses into the arena ,  the riders forward in their saddles urging the horses faster ,  circling the arena on the run before forming two parallel  lines  that stretch from one end of the space to the other .  
 In recent months ,  conga-record breaking has become serious business ,  tainted with fierce rivalry and maybe even espionage ,  all for one sweet goal: a spot in the 1988  " Guinness Book of World Records .  "         The race heated up about three weeks ago ,  when 10 , 442 people shuffled into a  line  at the Edmonton Heritage Festival in Alberta ,  Canada ,  aiming to break the previous record of 8 , 659 ,  set in 1982 in Great Britain .     It took two hours to put the Canadian line together ,  for a conga that lasted nine minutes .  
 They will use their new-found conga skills to guide a horde of challengers tomorrow on the Royal Gorge Bridge in southern Colorado .         Lorraine Payne ,  who helped arrange the  line  in Edmonton ,  claims she saw the men looking for potential snags and taking photographs at her event .  
 Ben Hart ,  one of the two men in question ,  maintains that he started planning the Royal Gorge event in early March ,  well before the Canadian attempt:  " It was strictly coincidental .     We had no idea about the Edmonton  line  until it happened .  "  
 To break the record ,  the dancers will have to follow certain rules ,  says David Hoy ,  managing director of the record book ' s editorial offices in Middlesex ,  England .     At least 10 , 443 people will have to actually dance -- hands on hips to a syncopated Latin rhythm -- and the  line  will have to remain unbroken .  
  " I ' m making $5 . 50 an hour (in Houston); in Mexico I was making 7 , 000 pesos (about $5) a week .  "     Yesterday he took his place in  line  at midnight .  
 Like most Buenos Aires ministries ,  it is suffused with stale cigarette smoke .     The occupants appear to be mainly bored but loquacious hangers-on ,  who must wait in  line  20 minutes for the elevator to the top floor .  
 But good intentions sometimes aren ' t good enough .     One recent day ,  as a jostling crowd of Cubans waited in  line  for more than an hour to get their monthly allowances of beans ,  rice and other foodstuffs ,  one of Mr .  Leiva ' s freezers was out of order .  
 Those numbers should improve in 1987 because banks have pledged to lend more than $9 billion to Mexico ,  Argentina and Nigeria this year .         But there is a long  line  of debtor countries looking for more loans .  
 Why not talk your way out of your woes ?         If that sounds appealing ,  get in  line  ,  because sports psychoanalysis is booming among psychologists ,  psychiatrists and others aiming to tap the lucrative health-and-fitness craze .  
 If the models now under scrutiny are found to be defective ,  GM will recall and repair them ,  he said .         The consumer group said one of the worst accidents involving the cars occurred in Cincinnati on March 3 when ,  it said ,  a 1986 Oldsmobile Delta 88 suddenly accelerated and ran into a  line  of customers standing outside a restaurant .  
 Commercial bank traders with firsthand knowledge of the intervention estimated that the Fed sold $100 million through several banks in early New York trading ,  shortly after the Bundesbank sold a like amount in the open market in Frankfurt .         The central banks formed a skirmish  line  for the dollar at 1 . 8840 marks ,  where they sold the currency ,  knowledgeable traders said .  
 In addition ,  Wolfgang R .  Schmitt ,  president of Rubbermaid ' s Home Products division ,  was named executive vice president of the company ,  placing him in  line  to succeed Mr .  Williams in the No .  2 spot .         In making the announcement ,  Mr .  Gault said ,   " We have now provided a clear line of succession "  when he retires in 1991 as chairman and chief executive .  
  " How does the  ' 60s song go about the age of Aquarius ?     We had all the planets in  line  ,  "  Mr .  Channell said .  
 The new law could ,  of course ,  provide work for the homeless ,  who are the ones most skilled at this task .     But how long will the  lines  be at the Conservation Center ?  
 I can do a lot of things .     You won ' t see me at the food stamp  line   .   .   .  and we ' re not going to run a telethon and ask for contributions .  "  
 These powers include the withholding of material formally requested by the Congress .     George Washington was the first of a long  line  of presidents to insist on this prerogative of the office .  
  " The problem with Continental service is it ' s so unpredictable ,  "  says Hal Salfen ,  an industry consultant .      " I had absolutely splendid ,  perfect service flying Continental to Guam ,  but when I got to Los Angeles ,  it was back to long  lines  and rude counter help .  "  
 I wonder if those supporting the bill ever took a sick child and two well ones to the doctor for a routine illness such as an ear infection or strep throat .     Did they then face another 20-plus minutes at the drugstore with the same three whiny children ,  one in pain and the other two frustrated while an overworked pharmacist attempted to serve a long  line  of customers ?  
 What customers do is get in the queue .     Each day ,   lines  of them snake across the lobbies of Telmex ' s branch offices in the capital to report broken telephones .  
 But the  lines  move slowly; the dispatcher typically takes 40 minutes to answer .          " This has happened to me four or five times since February ,  "  says television repairman Jorge Recio Garcia ,  waiting in line to report his broken telephone .  
 Still another says a car crashed in his neighborhood two weeks ago and knocked out phone service; no one has come to restore it .          " This is horrible -- very ugly ,  "  says the branch manager ,  whose office looks out over the  line  of angry customers .  
 Company headquarters stands tall over central Mexico City in a vaguely M-shaped tower .     There are no  lines  of angry customers ,  no cowed managers ,  no bossy subordinates .  
  " The (baseball) commissioner ' s job is taken ,  "  sniffs Peter V .  Ueberroth ,  who holds the post .      " Besides ,  he ' d have to get in  line  behind Bryant Gumbel ,  "  the television newscaster ,  who said in a recent interview that he wants the job .  
   The sign in the airport cafeteria reads:  " It is not rude to move ahead of someone if there is a space in the  line  .  "  
 I love this sign .     I love it because it so blithely challenges one of the basic tenets I was raised by -- that it is rude to jump ahead of someone in  line  .  
 But darn it ,  I just don ' t want to appear rude .  "     Every time I stand in that  line  I expect to see some burly construction worker push in front of an elderly woman .  
 He seems to believe that South Vietnam fell ,  in part ,  because U . S .  commanders unwisely restrained South Vietnamese military commanders .         And ,  as much as some of his other criticisms of the West ring true (people get more excited about solo adventurers sailing the seas in small boats than tens of thousands of Vietnamese boat people cruelly adrift) ,  they aren ' t original in thought or expression ,  but echo the long  line  of commentators who see the West imperiled by its love of comfort and lack of intellect .  
 Some foreign countries and industries have hired Washington lobbyists and law firms to help and have pressed U . S .  companies doing business with them to pitch in as well .         Senate Finance Committee Chairman Lloyd Bentsen (D .  ,  Texas) ,  who co-sponsored the trade bill with Sen .  John Danforth (R .  ,  Mo . ) ,  says:  " There ' s a long  line  of foreign representatives waiting to see me .  
 But Southland could win over customers like Mrs .  Dallas ,  the Denver legal secretary ,  who rents movies for her sons and buys sandwiches at the 7-Eleven when they ' re on special .      " If they could prove their milk was cheap enough ,  then I would go to the convenience store to avoid the  line  at the grocery store ,  "  she says .  
  " The real financial and social problems of the country are deeply rooted ,  "  Thornton Management Ltd .  ,  a British fund-management group ,  says .         In addition ,  with the economy and stock market recovering ,  the government is speeding approval of the long  line  of companies wanting to issue shares .  
 In Southern California ,  however ,  where developers have been especially active ,  legislators and community groups complain that the mini-malls have led to a host of problems that can ' t be ignored any longer .     Opponents complain that the mini-malls '  design -- typically a collection of a dozen or so stores grouped in a  line  or a U-shape or L-shape behind a parking lot that fronts the street -- makes them uninviting to pedestrians .  
 But it also said JAL and government transport authorities failed to detect the flaws during several routine inspections .         The report said the Boeing work crew inserted a single  line  of rivets to the bulkhead when repairing a broken tail section ,  instead of a double line as required .  
  " It started to aggravate our agents and inconvenience our passengers ,  "  says Marc Wallace ,  a United vice president .     United ' s employees began suggesting to the Continental passengers that they defect to United ' s shorter  line  .  
 Dinner-table conversation was recorded by the KGB ,  which made Soviet citizens fearful of ideological misstatements ,  which made their dinner-table conversation boring .     But not as boring as shopping in Soviet grocery stores ,  waiting in long  lines  ,  being abused by surly state employees ,  and finding almost nothing for sale .  
 Battling the crowds on New York ' s Fifth Avenue was no less challenging .     There were long  lines  of shoppers waiting to enter F . A . O .  Schwarz ,  a children ' s toy store ,  and the fashionable Trump Tower .  
 No heat: From bureaucrats and hotel clerks to students ,  everyone sits around all day long in overcoats from October through April .         No food: Everything from milk to rice is rationed ,  but long  lines  and limited supplies mean people often wind up with only a ration ticket on the dinner table -- some people could show you whole crocks filled with expired coupons .  
 Several nations don ' t count oil as produced until it is sold .     Thus ,  Kuwait can insist that it is within its production quota even though  lines  of loaded tankers sailing through the Persian Gulf would suggest otherwise .  
 But Mr .  Walser does not leave it at that .      " Breakers "  does not end up as another in a long  line  of stories about rigid Germans who cut loose and lose their dignity in a relaxed ,  sunny climate .  
  " If we do see consumers start to make that connection -- connecting the problems on Wall Street to unemployment that affects them -- then we ' ll see much more impact on sales ,  "  Mr .  Curtin said .      " With the oil embargo ,  from day one it was immediately clear to consumers what it meant to them personally: longer  lines  ,  higher prices .  
 Fred muttered something aloud about how ,  after all ,  his student didn ' t really know how to drive ,  and you never knew when she might step on the gas pedal .     The  line  parted ,  and Fred ,  wielding his lollipop stick ,  motioned for me to move on .  
 Magnet extended banking hours at the branches on Friday and Saturday .         After Mr .  Wall ' s statement was released and distributed by Magnet officials ,  some of the  lines  thinned at the branches .  
  " Home shopping is quick ,  clean (and) painless ,  "  says the Roper study .      " No long  lines  .  
 And many of the responses came right out of the music .     For instance ,  the galloping marimba  lines  did suggest the horse running alongside a train described by Noah from New York .  
   The Ghost Town at Knott ' s Berry Farm theme park is usually a pretty cheery place ,  bustling with cowboys staging shootouts on the storefront boardwalks ,  folks buying souvenirs and snacks from calico-clad shopkeepers ,  and  lines  streaming onto the park ' s Log Ride .  
  " The New York Stock Exchange did not blow up .     There were no  lines  at banks .  "  
 Right now you may be asking yourself:  " Why not me ?     My boss is a jerk ,  I ' m sick of long  lines  at the bank during lunch and only now ,  decades after kindergarten ,  have I come to fully understand the importance of a nice nap right after lunch .  "  
 After the swim meet my wife and I watched as my daughter danced at a team get-together .     It made me remember parish-house dances when we boys would wait in  line  to dance slow numbers with a prematurely endowed girl named Anne .     I checked the dance floor for my daughter -- no lines were forming ,  yet .  
 They put up with appalling and often dangerous conditions because other jobs are hard to come by and because the pay ,  while low by U . S .  standards ,  goes a long way back home .         Danilo Pineda ,  a Filipino ship ' s cook ,  says that in Manila the  lines  of seafarers at manning agencies are growing longer .  
 It is obvious to anyone that the general quality of consumer products of all kinds is poor ,  not only by comparison with those available in the West but even with the Eastern European imports that are for sale in the Soviet Union .     And the long  lines  to buy quality food or clothing when they happen to be available demonstrate the malfunctioning of the Soviet price system and of the state ' s inability to produce what consumers want .  
 A tall ,  blond woman pushing a baby girl in a Kanga-Roll stroller conceded that her timing was unusual .      " But we really know what commitment is about and we ' re ready to make it ,  "  she said ,  waiting her turn in  line  .  
 Great America ,  a Santa Clara ,  Calif .  ,  amusement park ,  brags about its thrilling roller coaster .     But if you want to do something really wild ,  try cutting in  line  .  
 Santa Clara won ' t comment on the lawsuit -- but it will defend its law ,  adopted in 1986 after the city bought the amusement park .     The law makes  line  cutting ,  shoving and other forms of rowdiness a crime punishable by a $1 , 000 fine or six months in jail .  
  " Well ,  we ' re not talking about the Hell ' s Angels here ,  "  fumes Mr .  Ince ,  who notes that his clients include an engineer and a banker .     In the lawsuit ,  Mr .  Ince says his clients hadn ' t actually cut into  line  but had stepped out of line for a moment -- with the permission of those around them .  
 In another ,  two clients had soaked their clothes on a previous Great America water ride .      " The  line  they were in was in shade ,  so they stood off to the side in the sun to dry their clothes ,  "  says Mr .  Ince .     When they tried to reclaim their place in line ,  however ,  security guards nabbed them and ,  with little explanation ,  turned them over to city police who drove them in a paddy wagon for booking at the city jail ,  the suit alleges .  
 She will say ,  however ,  that with two million people visiting the park annually ,  the number of  line -cutting arrests is negligible .          " Besides ,  "  she says ,   " you shouldn ' t leave the line to get a hot dog .  "  
   With fewer than 70 shopping days till Christmas ,  millions of Americans are avoiding long  lines  ,  bad weather and crowded parking lots by doing some or all of their Christmas shopping by mail .  
 He fired those he didn ' t like ,  with only the briefest of explanations ,  if any .         Being called to his office  " was like being summoned to see God ,  "  said Lee A .  Iacocca ,  now Chrysler Corp .  chairman and perhaps the most famous of a  line  of former Ford presidents first beknighted and later beheaded by Mr .  Ford .  
 Should players and owners resolve their gripes in the next day or two ,  everybody will be having a good laugh about all this at next week ' s tailgate parties in stadium parking lots across the country .  (The two sides met for 90 minutes yesterday and are scheduled to meet again today . )        But if the strike drags on anywhere near the 57 days of the 1982 strike ,  a lot of people along New York ' s Madison Avenue and  " Broadcast Row ,  "  homes to the major advertisers and television networks ,  will be standing on  line  to renegotiate contracts worth hundreds of millions of dollars .  
 Rep .  Frank Annunzio ,  a rough-hewn Chicago machine pol who is the third-ranking committee member ,  is in frail health and isn ' t likely to seek the chairmanship .     Others down the seniority  line  eyeing the post include Del .  
 But then ,  he went home to Massachusetts ,  devoting much of his time to routine state house duties instead of focusing on the campaign .     Mr .  Bush wasted no time in opening an attack on the governor for being just another in a long  line  of liberal Democratic politicians out of touch with the American mainstream .  
 Taiwan will export three million personal computers this year ,  up 50% from 1987 .     Long  lines  form outside discos that charge $20 a head ,  and $5 a beer ,  to dance to the beat of imported bands .  
  " The thing that hit hardest was the energy crisis ,  "  Mr .  Atkins said .     If someone  " had to wait in  line  for gas for his car ,  he couldn ' t justify "  waiting for gas for a snowmobile .  
 Monday ,  Nov .  7 ,  7-7:30 p . m .  EST ,  on HBO (repeated Nov .  11 ,  16 ,  20 ,  26 and 28):  " Madeline .  "     Don ' t miss this musical version of the famous children ' s book that begins:  " In an old house in Paris that was covered in vines/lived twelve little girls in two straight  lines  .  "  
 But it had reduced alcoholism hardly at all while spawning extensive moonshining and black-marketeering .     It resulted in sugar hoarding for private production and long  lines  for limited quantities of vodka .  
 At Tampa Bay in the NFL ,  where he signed a six-year ,  $5 . 25 million contract ,  life was financially more secure ,  but professionally precarious .     Flung into action against the big-time pros behind a weak  line  ,  Young threw almost twice as many interceptions as touchdowns ,  and fled with the ball more often than he ran it .  
 And they reflect the growing turmoil in the U . S .  bond trading industry ,  weakened by anemic profits and intense foreign competition .         The departure of the three executives marks yet another outbreak in a long  line  of defections and dismissals that have roiled the giant securities firm over the past year .  
  " Can you imagine thousands of kids walking into these offices ,  getting urine samples ,  and presenting them to state officials to be tested ?     The  lines  would be miles long .  "  
 There are more characters in the novel than in the film ,  and consequently more seductions and betrayals .     I could criticize the film for cutting a couple of these characters ,  as well as for hammering the novel ' s whirling ,  vertiginous shape into a straight chronological  line  .  
 At the sprawling 207th Street repair shop in upper Manhattan ,  this shift promised new discipline for employees used to meeting minimum work quotas and then having a little time to themselves .     Workers suddenly faced dismissal for insubordination or inebriation ,  or suspension for lesser infractions like spending long periods in the coffee  line  or the bathroom .  
 After the fervor of a campaign in which the regime portrayed the poll as a choice between itself and Marxist chaos ,  there was a hushed solemnity and respect during the Oct .  5 voting .     Not a voice was raised ,  not a badge worn nor banner carried ,  as people waited in long  lines  to put a pencil mark on a piece of paper .  
  " I ' d say the $1 million to $15 million market has been the most competitive arena of commercial lending in Florida for the last few years ,  "  says William H .  Allen Jr .  ,  chairman of Miami-based Atico Financial Corp .  and a former NCNB executive in Florida .     First Union Corp .  ,  the other Charlotte banking giant ,  dates its own  " sales culture "  back to 1984 ,  when it began making a science of shortening teller  lines  ,  cross-selling products and spot-checking employee courtesy .  
 They caused traffic jams in the parking lot .     They formed checkout  lines  that wound all the way back to the meat department .  
 So even though Burger King can boast that its Whopper hamburger beats McDonald ' s Big Mac in taste tests ,  it has been losing sales because it can ' t promise its customers an identical experience from one Burger King to the next .     While one restaurant may sparkle ,  another may have long  lines  ,  pot holes in the parking lot and filthy tables .  
 These days ,  Lishen Toy Factory can hardly keep up with demand .     Sales soared this summer ,  when long  lines  of buyers formed outside Shanghai ' s No .  1 Department Store .  
 Military patrols combed the streets of the capital ,  but there was no sign of disorder after a night of uncertainty Tuesday that was punctuated by power cuts and occasional explosions .     People waited patiently in long  lines  to cast their ballots .  
 Gen .  Pinochet has expressed  " particular faith in the women of Chile .  "         Final results had been expected around midnight ,  but the long  lines  delayed the vote count .  
  " We feel comfortable that the next time they (United) go to kick tires and look for airplanes to buy ,  we have a good ,  fair shot with them ,  "  an Airbus spokesman said .         The A-320 transaction by United would have given Pan Am badly needed cash in return for giving up its spot in  line  for the new planes .  
 But by February ,  when Geraghty & Miller Inc .  was brought public by Alex .     Brown along with Robertson ,  it had 125 institutions waiting in  line  .  
 Critics say that in winning preferential treatment ,  the DeBartolo organization played all the right political notes -- including hiring a former governor ' s chief of staff to be track director of operations and granting a $165 , 000 food service contract to a company owned by the state speaker of the House .         Remington is off to a rousing start despite some opening-day snafus ,  which included slow  lines  at betting windows that prevented a number of people from wagering .  
 That the trip was a success is due to the Georgians themselves ,  a smiling dark-haired people who even in the darkest Brezhnev days impressed the Beatles rock group enough to make them write in their song  " Back in the U . S . S . R .  "  the words  " Georgia ' s always on my mind .  "     Long before perestroika the healthy Georgian black market provided its citizens with a standard of living here far different from Leningrad and Moscow ,  the cities of food  lines  .  
 As for new home sales ,  the outlook continues weak ,  as evidenced by the 3 . 3% drop in August housing starts out last week .         Mr .  Resler added in jest that another  " indicator "  he likes to watch is  " the hostility level in grocery checkout  lines  .  "  
 They must be Ku Klux Klanners or something .     But as Mr .  Newman suggests ,  about all that distinguishes Yonkers from other cities is its bad luck to be first in  line  .  
 Wind-whipped fires raced through the Sierra Nevada foothills ,  charring nearly 30 , 000 acres ,  destroying about a dozen homes and prompting about 4 , 500 people to evacuate .     In Wyoming ,  firefighters took advantage of damp weather to strengthen  lines  around blazes that have burned nearly one million acres in Yellowstone National Park .  
  " The whole town has come to aid ,  but even that is insufficient ,  "  he says .         A long  line  ,  mostly of women carrying small children ,  stretches outside the medical tent .  
 The sellers of radishes and cucumbers are bored .     So are the frozen fish merchants ,  but the poultry dealers are busy ,  watched vacantly by customers in  line  .  
 The closing of the Cameron plant dashed farmers '  hopes of expanding markets for their promising new crop .     With the plant vanished the jobs of 58 residents and the  line  of trucks that snaked into town during the annual harvest .  
 Here at the Festspielhaus ,  the world ' s Wagner shrine ,  they have found the antidote for the master ' s long operas -- long intermissions and long buffets .     In a ritual I never grow tired of seeing ,  the blond young man lifts the cover off the tureen and the mere glimpse of those fat ,  white ,  green-flecked weisswurst ready to bust their skins revives everybody on  line  like the unveiling of the Holy Grail in the master ' s  " Parsifal .  "  
 Judge Pollack ,  who is known as a tough ,  brilliant jurist ,  agreed Wednesday to do so .         The altercation ,  witnessed by a long  line  of attorneys waiting to file court pleadings ,  lasted a minute or so ,  says a rather baffled Mr .  Pomarico .  
 African bees generally dominate in mating ,  but the scientists hope to give a numerical edge to the calmer European honeybees ,  the type widely used throughout North America for honey production and crop pollination .         Farther north ,  researchers are setting hundreds of traps along three  lines : a 100-mile stretch from the coastal town of La Pesca to Ciudad Victoria in Mexico; a 125-mile line from Tampico to Ocampo ,  also in Mexico; and a 100-mile section of the Rio Grande ,  roughly from Brownsville ,  Texas ,  to Rio Grande City .  
  " Out on Long Island ,  there are people who are hooked on drive-throughs .     They ' d rather be in a  line  of 10 to 15 cars than park and get out ,  "  said a spokesman for Chemical Bank ,  a unit of Chemical Banking Corp .  
   If you want to wait in  line  to climb the Statue of Liberty or the Washington Monument ,  go ahead .  
 In Shanghai ,  China ' s biggest metropolis ,  consumers are withdrawing huge sums from savings deposits to purchase goods in anticipation of price increases .     Long  lines  are forming at many savings banks ,  according to China Daily ,  which estimates that $27 million has been withdrawn in the past two weeks .  
 Solutions from France weren ' t much help .     Canadians use the North American  " qwerty "  keyboard ,  named for the sequence of keys on the top  line  of letters .  
 Elsewhere ,  earthiness is catching on .     A Brazilian beer commercial shows men standing at a  line  of urinals singing the beer ' s theme song .  
 Then the women are banished to the sidelines ,  and the men begin to display their strength .     At one point ,  six of them form a tower of bodies ,  while a  line  of smiling women ,  seemingly unaware of anything but the music impelling them ,  undulates slowly around the group .  
 A substantial contribution to the increased production over the next two years is supposed to be made by the Baltic states of Latvia and Estonia ,  which have long turned out better-quality goods than factories elsewhere in the Soviet Union .         As they wait in  lines  at stores ,  many Soviets grumble that the variety and quality of products on sale actually have worsened since the days of the now-discredited leader Leonid Brezhnev .  
 Mr .  Levenson has boosted his to about 2 . 5% ,  producing TV commercials based on the 1960s Lovin '  Spoonful song ,   " Did You Ever Have to Make Up Your Mind .  "         He is remodeling stores to speed up the serving  lines  by splitting off the slow-moving dessert and beverage sections from the entree and vegetable line .  
 Mr .  Questrom ' s resignation followed that announcement in May .         Founded in 1907 by Henry C .  Marcus and family members ,  Neiman Marcus became known for its pricey merchandise ,  extravagant customers and  line  of waiting limousines that had ferried some patrons from the airport .  
 One reason is that Disneyland encourages photo-taking by lending cameras without charge ,  and setting up designated photo sites .     People tend to take pictures of -- and thus remember -- only pleasant scenes like the cute shot with Mickey Mouse ,  and not the long  line  at the ladies '  room .  
 But their opinion is clearly not shared by large numbers of the Soviet public .     Since Mr .  Glazunov ' s latest exhibition opened in Moscow this summer ,  thousands have been flocking to the Palace of Youth ,  waiting in  line  for hours to get in .  
   People stood in long  lines  outside the few operating bakeries and food stores in the Sudanese capital yesterday ,  after flooding left about 1 . 5 million homeless and at least 11 dead .  
  " Over here is the gay party  line  ,  "  Steve Craig ,  Megaquest ' s office manager in New York ,  says ,  pointing to one bank of monitors .      " This is the actress and model line in here .  "  
 Living conditions are cramped and spartan ,  and temperatures usually top 100 degrees .         Two chow  lines  ,   " one spicy and one regular ,  "  meet the needs of both the military and about 50 Indian and Filipino civilian workers living aboard ,  he said .  
 Several speakers at the recent Communist Party conference warned that ordinary citizens would be reluctant to back the rest of Mr .  Gorbachev ' s reform program unless they could see a clear improvement in their living standards and the quantity of goods available in stores .         Many basic foodstuffs such as meat ,  flour and sugar are rationed in parts of the Soviet Union ,  and everywhere people have to stand in long  lines  for them .  
 Yet another casualty may be overall spending in restaurants ,  already slowing from the 8% annual gains posted in the mid-1980s .     Consultants say many people who have traded up from fast-food chains to sit-down eateries will be getting back in the hamburger  line  .  
 The Polish Germans usually can say no more than  " ja "  or  " nein ,  "  but may have advanced degrees as teachers or engineers .         Both groups now face several days of waiting in  line  ,  with stops at the Red Cross ,  at social workers -- and at a cashier who hands out $108 in pocket money to each arrival .  
 The lobby is elaborately decorated ,  but noisy .     Large groups of guests wait in  line  for elevators and check-out service .  
  " Or a medium ?  "         Arkansas Gov .  Bill Clinton ,  the latest in a  line  of white Southerners given prime spots at the convention ,  delivered the sole nominating speech for Mr .  Dukakis ,  and the governor ' s first campaign swing with Sen .  Bentsen tomorrow is designed to re-emphasize his commitment to challenge the GOP in every region of the nation .  
 By last April ,  when Mr .  Clausen took his first week off ,  his fast pace had scared off his first administrative assistant and run others ragged .      " The man has an iron will ,  "  says an official once stranded with him in a three-hour reception  line  at a convention -- without a bathroom break .  
 Students of economics learn that this is simply not true .         Russian consumers now wait in  line  to buy lemons at a low price .  
 Carriers were allowed to keep flying the first 291 aircraft off the production  line  ,  although they received Federal Aviation Administration orders to inspect regularly for corrosion in the cold-bonded joints .         One scenario investigators are considering in the Aloha case is that corrosion-related fatigue may have led to  " multisite damage "  cracks running along the horizontal line of rivets in a metal splice .  
 In Moscow ,  Party banners aside ,  the prevalent ads are the ones stuck to lampposts; each has a fringe of phone numbers to tear off and call for puppies or guitar lessons .     The queue is still the most effective Soviet ad; a Russian will join a long  line  without a clue as to what is for sale at the other end .  
 And several hundred delegates actually voting against conference resolutions .         That was heady stuff ,  and here in Moscow ,  Soviet citizens were talking about it in parks ,  while waiting in  line  at stores and to Western correspondents .  
 He filled his car and six big canisters ,  enduring hostile comments from fellow customers .         At noon ,  a truck delivered more gas ,  reassuring those at the end of the 120-car  line  monitored by police to prevent double parking .  
 I see the crowd and I don ' t want to stand in  line  ,  "  said Krzystof Tom .     He ultimately took a place in line .  
 Twin Valu stores ,  for example ,  will cover 180 , 000 square feet -- three times the size of the typical cavernous Cub store .     Each store will have 51 checkout  lines  ,  require 600 employees and ,  company sources say ,  is expected to gross well over $1 million a week .  
 Depending on wind direction ,  that can eliminate the use of one of three arrival runways .         Still ,  some industry executives and observers wonder whether any improvement in delays would even be noticed ,  what with the litany of complaints about lost luggage ,  long  lines  and crowded planes .  
 Saatchi & Saatchi also hit a high note with an ad created for Britain ' s Conservative Party in 1978 .     The ad featured a picture of a long  line  of unemployed .  
 Meantime ,  hungry passengers have to order from mobile carts scattered around the terminal .     Continental insists that ' s sufficient ,  but the  lines  to get to the carts are often long -- and there are few places to sit and eat .  
 It is the parent company of Audi of America Inc .  ,  which imports Audi cars to the U . S .         Last week ,  a Westchester County ,  N . Y .  ,  jury said Audi was solely responsible for a 1985 accident in which an Audi 5000 car hit a car in a bank teller  line  ,  which hit Ms .  Ruston ' s car .  
 Russians inching toward the checkout counter marvel at the genius of one-stop shopping .      " You just pick things out yourself ,  "  says a woman in the express  line  with a block of goat cheese .  
 SKATES: Alpha Sports Inc .  ,  St .  Paul ,  Minn .  ,  agreed to grant Mitsubishi Corp .  of Japan exclusive right to distribute Rollerblade skates in Japan .     The wheels of the skates are mounted in a single  line  to create the sensation of ice skating .  
 Five million part-time workers ,  many getting the minimum wage ,  want full-time jobs ,  the U . S .  Labor Department says; the figure is unusually high for this late in a business boom .         Geologists doing low-wage work in retail stores will be first in  line  for jobs when a big firm comes to town ,  an Oklahoma employment service says .  
 Towering over the sand and scrub pine at this city ' s outskirts is South Florida ' s tallest landform -- Broward County ' s last legal dump .      Lines  of trucks snake up its sides ,  adding more than a thousand tons of trash daily .  
 Stations ,  of course ,  are sweltering . )        After a minute ' s walk to the Wall Street station and a long wait in a slow  line  at the token booth ,  I saw the Lexington Avenue No .  4 express shut its doors and pull away just as I reached the turnstile .  
 The weather in Russia stinks .     There is a perfectly valid reason why we have a  " negative image "  of the Russians as a grim-faced ,  bulky race huddled in long  lines  to buy shriveled rutabagas .  
 But Robert Fersh bristles at the notion that soup kitchens are thriving because of spongers .      " If it was all freeloaders ,  then why didn ' t we see these  lines  at soup kitchens seven years ago ?  "  asks Mr .  Fersh ,  Food Research ' s executive director .  
  " But every Kareem Abdul Jabbar in Japan flocked to the boat hoping finally to find large-sized clothes ,  "  remembers one U . S .  official .     For months after ,  the U . S .  Embassy here got letters from Japanese complaining of long  lines  ,  no meat and the poor quality of U . S .  products .  
 Bluffs work only if they ' re not called .         Within a few hours after the crash on the Enterprise ,  a Marine Corps honor guard in dress blues appeared on the carrier deck ,  followed by two aluminum coffins that slowly made their way between two long  lines  of crew members ,  heads bared and bowed .  
 The option is especially appealing ,  they said ,  because demand for organs is up but donations are down .          " There are a lot of people that can be helped that you would otherwise have waiting in  line  ,  "  said Dr .  Dixon Kaufman ,  a transplant fellow at the University of Minneosta .  
 Last night ,  the Beijing University students crushed forward to listen to speakers who ignored a handful of plain-clothes police present .     Nearby ,  dozens of students crowded under the dim lighting of bare bulbs to read a long  line  of wall posters ,  some of which were splattered with red ink to symbolize the murder of Mr .  Chai .  
 The result is congestion ,  harried air-traffic controllers and frequently irate travelers .         Passengers endure long  lines  for tickets ,  toilets ,  taxis and their baggage .  
 M .  Ali Issari ,  a retired university professor ,  parked his car in front of a new-home sales office near Los Angeles one recent Saturday and stuck this sign behind the windshield:  " The  line  for purchasing Deeridge homes starts from here .  "         One week later ,  when selling started ,  the line had grown to 150 cars ,  and Mr .  Issari bought the first Deeridge home to a round of applause from a mob of other house hunters .  
 To see the effect of the anti-alcohol campaign ,  take a walk along Stoleshnikov Alley in downtown Moscow .         At one end of the narrow street ,  the  line  to get into a basement beer bar stretches around the block .  
 Her decision swiftly prompted moans from Hungarians ,  including a sour reader who wrote to the Magyar Hirlap newspaper asking ,   " Does every wonder only last three days ?  "         When the McDonald ' s restaurant opened in Belgrade ,  police were called in to keep watch on the  lines  of customers snaking around the block and to limit the number of people entering the premises to avoid overcrowding .  
 The best way to reduce erosion is to lower price supports and target-prices that make it profitable for farmers to plant on marginal ,  highly erosive low-yielding ground .     The Conservation Reserve Program is simply one more of a long  line  of evasions to avoid dealing with the fundamental irrationality of our agricultural programs .  
 These are the same House Democrats who demand that Attorney General Meese resign if the merest puff of ethical smoke blows out of the independent counsel ' s office .     But they are disinclined to look into the affairs of the man who is second in the  line  of presidential succession .  
 In some of the nuttiest policies ever implemented in any country ,  the dictator decided to retire his country ' s foreign debt by exporting everything that wasn ' t nailed down .     Food  lines  are now so long ,  Moscow looks like a diner ' s paradise ,  and tree bark is an officially recommended dietary supplement .  
 The boom is straining facilities .      " If you want to tee off on Bethpage {in New York} on a Saturday morning ,  you have to get on  line  at 3:30 a . m .  or 4 a . m .  ,  "  says Charles Robson ,  of the Metropolitan Professional Golfers Association .  
 A recent seminar in Mexico City began with discussions of Martin Luther King Jr .  ,  and ended with practical exercises .     In one ,  the students formed a human chain ,  while their teacher played the role of a counterdemonstrator crashing into the  line  .  
   Some people actually think a long supermarket checkout  line  is a godsend .  
 This clearly isn ' t the thinking of those seen at fashionable spots like Spago ,  the Los Angeles restaurant ,  where guests are definitely paler .     At the Stock Exchange ,  a popular nightclub ,  doorman Ken Martin says watching the  line  of people waiting to get in used to be  " like looking into the sun .  "  
 The Immigration and Naturalization Service had estimated two million persons would apply and that as many as 3 . 9 million were eligible .         In Houston ,   lines  of families wrapped around the shopping mall that houses the legalization center .  
 Damage was extensive and it wasn ' t known how long the plant would be closed .         Peter Beutel ,  analyst for Elders Futures ,  Inc .  ,  New York ,  commented that the plant ' s shutdown  " Won ' t create  lines  at the gasoline pumps ,  but it will tighten supplies .  "  
 Mr .  Mitterrand ,  Mr .  Chirac ,  and a former premier ,  Raymond Barre ,  want to crack down on illegal immigrants ,  but not to discriminate against legal immigrants .     Mr .  Le Pen wants to reserve jobs and government subsidies to the French ,  put the immigrants at the end of the  line  -- and send the illegals home .  
 It justified the requirement on its need for information to fulfill its legislative power to appropriate money .         There is a  line  of Supreme Court cases ,  dating back to 1821 ,  upholding Congress ' s implied power to demand information .  
 Able-bodied mules are herded in groups into a chute ,  where veterinarians give them a once-over and check off their numbers ,  which are stuck to their foreheads like Chiquita stickers .     Some of the mules jostle in  line  ,  some try to bolt for freedom ,  but most quickly catch the old  " hurry up and wait "  draftee spirit ,  gazing about with big brown eyes and then readily boarding a stock trailer .  
 Daewoo should know .     To demonstrate solidarity and irritate Daewoo Motor ,  the union there got all workers to use only one of the plant ' s 15 cafeterias ,  creating long  lines  and stopping work .  
 The group ,  headed by managing directors Arthur Nagle and Daniel O ' Connell ,  is said by industry sources to have  lined  up several institutions and individuals as financial backers ,  including the highly successful leveraged buy-out investor Raymond Chambers of Wesray Corp .         The seven join an increasingly long line of investment bankers specializing in high-profit deal making who have decided to go out on their own in pursuit of more money and influence ,  leaving behind large organizations with high overhead and low profit margins in many other aspects of the business ,  particularly securities trading and sales .  
 FORD MAY have a better idea ,  but General Motors is no dummy .     Take the situation at Detroit Metropolitan Airport ,  where long ticket-counter  lines  have been the norm since Northwest Airline ' s takeover of Republic .  
 Nor does it benefit Northwest employees when they ' re members of the traveling public .     Like everyone but the GM crowd ,  the Northwest spokesman says ,  Northwest employees have to stand in the usual  lines  .  
 Mr .  Wilson ' s wife was laid off from GM ' s Hamtramck plant a year ago because the cars built there weren ' t selling well .     He says ,   " The drug-selling  lines  in my neighborhood are getting longer .  
 Mr .  Gore ' s remark about Mr .  Castro and Mr .  Arafat refers to Mr .  Jackson ' s celebrated meetings with the two men .         Mr .  Gore ' s showing in Connecticut was another in a  line  of dismal performances since his impressive showing in the South three weeks ago .  
 Our walk through the dense vegetation of the reserve was accompanied by the loud cries of multicolored macaws flying overhead .     Other brightly colored birds perched in the trees around us ,  and industrious  " leaf-cutter "  ants formed moving green  lines  that wandered on and off of the trail before us .  
 Taxi driver Hector Pina ,  for example ,  now keeps a magnifying glass in his glove compartment to scrutinize notes .     Checkout  lines  slow to a crawl as cashiers not only count their change ,  but read it ,  too .  
 Each store will have one employee whose main chore will be to tidy up .     And an increase in the number of checkout clerks should reduce the waits in  line  ,  which were longer than the competition .  
 One fan arrived at 4 a . m . and found 20 people ahead of him .      " Sometimes the  line  stretches 60 yards ,  three or four people wide ,  "  says white-haired Joe Keesler ,  the owner .  
 Discontent is strongest among the young .      " Many young people here are critical of the government ,  "  says a jean-clad teen-ager waiting in a block-long  line  outside Cafe Nord ,  an East Berlin disco .  
 He got there before anyone else to wait for the doors to open on the first day the agency was to begin screening applications for travel to China .      " By being the first in  line  ,  I hoped my family would be convinced that I did what I could to come home sooner ,  "  he says .  
   At age 43 ,  waiting in a long ladies '  room  line  during a break in a business meeting was a new experience; I usually had the room to myself .  
 In 1986 ,  40% of all accountants and auditors in the U . S .  were women ,  up from virtually none 20 years ago .         The wait in the FASB ladies '  room  line  capped some recent experiences that convinced me that the  " glass ceiling "  that supposedly keeps women from rising above a certain level in corporations because they are women is a lot of baloney .  
 Her asking price is 15 rubles a kilo ,  which comes to about $12 . 50 a pound at the official rate of exchange .     Unlike the drab state food outlets ,  this market ,  a ruble away from Red Square by cab ,  has no  lines  and the salespeople really want to sell what they ' ve got .  
 Its all part of a system of controlled access to desirable commodities and desirable freedom of movement and action that pervades almost all areas of life here in which people are acting on their own ,  not as part of a collective .      Lines  turn individuals into an ad hoc collective .  
 If you should want to try one ,  I recommend the stolovia upstairs next to the Central Market .     On a Sunday at midday ,  it had no  line  and the staff seemed quite proud to be serving a sound meal to the city ' s foremost food purveyors .  
 From Aiglemont ,  the Aga Khan ' s estate near Chantilly ,  he directs the 150 people who administer $130 million a year in grants ,  who design schools to be built by villagers and who give awards for the best in Islamic architecture .         To world leaders ,  the Aga Khan is a figure worthy of receiving  lines  and state dinners .  
 Agents often revive passengers who are wedged behind fake paneling ,  stacked like cordwood into vans or piled into semitrailers that drip urine and sweat from the overcrowding .      " It makes you sick to see little kids stuck in the trunk or the women who you know get raped or beaten ,  "  says agent Arthur Lamberson ,  a lanky 15-year veteran ,  as he monitors an endless  line  of vehicles .  
 Shoppers must bag their groceries in most supermarkets ,  a requirement that doesn ' t dent the high food prices .     In return ,  you have to wait as long as 40 minutes in long checkout  lines  .  
 Fannie Fourie is a white South African ,  which makes him one of this country ' s more privileged citizens .     So why is he waiting in  line  at a relief center for a handout of corn meal and canned sardines ?  
  " So what are you going to get with Jesse Jackson ?     You ' ll have longer welfare  lines  ,  and the lady in front of you in the supermarket line is going to have veal and shrimp and steaks ,  and I got chopped meat ,  and she ' s got food stamps ,  and I got to count my dollars .  "  
 He isn ' t likely to get it .     In fact ,  the counsel ,  Gerald Ducharme ,  worries that the European Community ' s big overhaul of merger matters ,  part of the EC campaign to remove internal trade barriers by 1992 ,  will do little more than lengthen the long  line  of bureaucrats Ford already must negotiate with .  
 We meet host Roy Scheider in the familiar environs of Red Square ,  but immediately we are carried away between the wintry banks of the Volga ,  over the crystalline waters of Lake Baikal ,  through the sunlit markets of Iblisi ,  above the misty peaks of the Caucasus ,  and across the golden grasslands of the Ukraine .     If our mental picture of the U . S . S . R .  previously has consisted of gray ,  grim folk waiting in  line  to buy a few shriveled vegetables ,  we ' ll be surprised by the stunning cinematography of Michael Reagan .  
 But what is a travelogue ,  if not an effort to display only that which is attractive ?      " Portrait "  shows one  line  of consumers ,  but quickly identifies them as New Year ' s celebrants in a  " shopping frenzy "  of gift-buying ,  because ,  as Mr .  Scheider intones ,   " the Russians love their children .  "  
 In response to a 0 . 6% cut in its budget ,  the Post Office has cut back window hours by 10% and ended Sunday mail collections .     And next month the 40 million or 50 million Americans who mail their tax returns around April 15 will face long  lines  at their local post offices as the price of a first-class stamp goes up to 25 cents .  
 At the same time ,  distribution mistakes often left the shelves empty of goods that shoppers did want .         And even when shoppers found what they wanted ,  some gave up and went elsewhere because cost-cutting staff reductions meant interminable waits in checkout  lines  .  
 With the heavy competition for systems ,  even some of the more aggressive bidders are being priced out of some markets .      " We just bid $2 , 000 per subscriber for some rather ordinary systems and we were sixth in  line  ,  "  says Jeffrey A .  Marcus ,  chairman of Denver-based Western Tele-Communications Inc .  
 During the early 1980s ,  investors were obsessed with the weekly money statistics .     Long  lines  formed in the lobby of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York each week ,  and dozens of Fed-watchers churned out lengthy treatises on what each squiggle in M1 might mean .  
   Miami Beach millionaire Victor Posner began work Friday at Camillus House ,  an emergency shelter for the homeless here ,  admitting approximately 800 hungry people to its cafeteria-style food  line  .  
 Mr .  Mulheren spent Thursday night in jail .     Early Friday afternoon ,  the arbitrager was led into a county courtroom ,  his left wrist shackled to a  line  of a dozen other prisoners .  
 University National Bank in Palo Alto ,  Calif .  ,  has tellers ,  but it serves coffee in real china and offers after-hours service by appointment .     Robert Tennyson ,  a travel-agency operator ,  took his business to University National about a year ago ,  after Crocker National Bank was acquired by Wells Fargo & Co .  Following the merger of the big banks ,  service at the local branch was  " a nightmare ,  "  according to Mr .  Tennyson: Teller  lines  of 15 to 30 minutes  " were not uncommon " ; the bank  " lost one of our checks for six weeks ,  "  and it  " treated us like we were nonexistent .  "  
  " Some fund groups were begging people to come in early last year ,  "  says John Foppiano ,  a tax partner at Price Waterhouse & Co .      " But we won ' t be seeing any  lines  at mutual-fund sales offices this April 15 .  "  
 At Addenbrooke ' s ,  the hospital where the paying Soviet journalist got treatment ,  about two-thirds of cases classified  " urgent "  have waited more than a month ,  and some 40% of those hoping for  " non-urgent "  procedures have been waiting for more than a year .     Citizens with private insurance or foreigners who pay like Mr .  Louis can jump the  line  at public hospitals .  
 In big-time corporate bankruptcy storms ,  lowly shareholders are starting to steal some thunder .         Traditionally ,  shareholders have been the last in  line  .  
 It was steep by American standards ,  maybe $20 per person ,  but unimaginably extravagant for a family earning a normal wage in rubles .     As the American wife of a resident U . S .  correspondent said in the passport  line  at Moscow ' s Sheremetyevo Airport:  " This is a great place for losing weight .  "  
 What does that candidate do ?         Pat Robertson ,  says Republican Charles West ,  62 ,  himself a minister ,   " is going to say ,   ' Let us pray ,  '  and when they kneel ,  he ' s going to the front of the  line  .  "  
 Slightly better financed and more ambitious entrepreneurs have launched cottage industries to turn out canned fruits ,  ketchup ,  shoes and handicrafts .         Even more intrepid are government workers who spend hours away from their desks enduring long ,  snailing  lines  in order to buy such carefully rationed items as soap ,  shampoo ,  diapers and clothing .  
   The Federal Communications Commission reinstated its programs to help minority entrepreneurs ,  but the first group in  line  for the aid is the family of stock manipulator Ivan Boesky .  
 Snowflakes swirl and the wind creeps in through cracks in a wall of the shack where Santiago Medrano lives .     Mr .  Medrano folds his arms and shivers as he waits in  line  for the evening ' s meal of corn tortillas and shredded beef .  
 An ambulance trails the candidate ' s limousine .     Police cars form the vanguard and rear guard; other police cars block off all the crossroads to make sure an errant John Deere doesn ' t break the  line  .  
 The other day ,  the press van became separated from its five companion vehicles as the motorcade pulled away from the Blackhawk Hotel here in Davenport to start a long campaign day .     A Coca-Cola truck crashed the  line  .  
  " But I ' m the only Republican candidate who ' s going to vote for that treaty in the Senate .  "         Mr .  Bush campaigns as a man in logical  line  to the White House .  
 Teachers say they can ' t recall a single week in the past four years when they didn ' t go on strike .         In the courtyard ,  under a corrugated metal roof ,  a score of mothers wait in  line  for their children ' s report cards .  
 While the campaign was Mr .  Gibbons ' s idea ,  however ,  he won ' t be paying for it: The donations will come out of the chain ' s national advertising fund ,  which is financed by the franchisees .     And by basing donations on BK Doubles ,  a new double-hamburger  line  the fast-food chain is trying to push ,  Burger King works a sales pitch into its public-service message .  
 The day was saturated with the weight of its own impending history .     Long  lines  of people waited to buy special souvenir World Series postcards with official postmarks .  
  " Shortage "  and  " crisis "  became buzz words ,  although neither really applied .     The spot dislocations that showed up were largely the result of confusion (much of it in Washington) ,  though that was cold comfort for drivers waiting in mile-long  lines  at the gas pumps .  
 Board of Education ,  was such an issue .     In our time abortion has become another ,  best left to a  line  of Supreme Court decisions rather than to the chaos of 50 state legislatures .  
 Yet in Mr .  Laband ' s rehash of free-market logic ,  human greed and self-interest are the only permissible psychological reactions .     Allowing uncontrolled prices for necessities would indeed shorten the  lines  at stores ,  as he contends .  
 But not because resources are going to their most efficient use ,  leaving scarce goods  " allocated to those buyers who place the highest value on them .  "     Rather ,   lines  would diminish because at higher prices many victims could not afford necessities such as food and medical supplies .  
 Under the contract Hydro-Quebec was to supply 400 megawatts of power to Central Maine Power starting in 1992 ,  600 megawatts starting in 1995 and 900 megawatts starting in 2000 .         Hydro-Quebec said Maine regulators '  refusal to approve the contract means Central Maine Power has lost its place in  line  .  
 More important ,  however ,  is the recent exodus of Germans from the  " better half "  to the West .     There is a long  line  of East Germans waiting to get out .  
 Over the years many have even risked their lives to leave .     I have never been able to find a  line  of people waiting to enter .  
 Although Agriculture Department officials thought they couldn ' t prove Richco was such an alter ego ,  according to Mr .  Glickman ,  they still concluded that they had legal grounds for suspending Richco because the company is under Mr .  Rich ' s control .         In investigating Richco ' s capitalization ,  added Gregory Frazier ,  a Glickman aide ,   " they traced the  line  of ownership back through Marc Rich & Co .  to Rich himself .  "  
 In any case ,  the IBM announcement ,  coming on top of Hewlett-Packard ' s recent introduction ,  should accelerate the move to laser printers ,  which are faster and quieter and print neater than dot-matrix printers ,  but which have been too expensive for some tastes .     That certainly means more convenience for many users ,  who now may have to walk across the office to wait in  line  to print a letter on a laser printer .  
 This means that the current domestic deficit must be financed with bonds ,  which of course become readily marketable in Moscow ,  Leningrad ,  New York and London if the bonds carry the promise to pay principal and interest in gold .     Indeed ,  I would expect the Soviet Union could step to the front of the  line  in seeking credit at the lowest possible interest rate .  
 The government in East Berlin agreed to allow about 10 , 000 of its citizens at the West German Embassy in Prague to emigrate but banned unrestricted travel to Czechoslovakia ,  which has emerged as the main gateway to the West .     The clampdown on travel came after hundreds of East Germans stormed through police  lines  to get inside West Germany ' s embassy compound in an attempt to follow nearly 40 , 000 others who have fled .  
 But the agreement gave Znaniye the right to omit the final chapter ,  which deals with religious upbringing of children in the family ,  according to the Russian translator ,  Renata Ravich .         Judging by the  lines  at the book fair ,  Soviet publishers could make a fortune if they only had the nerve to push religious glasnost a little further .  
 BankAmerica has been leading the pack ,  handing out free checking accounts and pushing credit  lines  with no up-front charges .     Its Seattle-based Seafirst Corp .  unit is offering five bucks to any customer who has to wait in line more than five minutes (it ' s paid out about $2 , 000 so far) .  
 For one thing ,  the place is such a hit that Ms .  Briggs ' s husband ,  who used to hold the title of most frequent guest (probably just checking to see what leftovers he ' d be eating that night) ,  rarely gets to eat at his favorite restaurant anymore .          " He has to get in  line  like everyone else ,  "  said his wife ,  with a helpless shrug .  
 Mr .  Virnich said it was his understanding that his predecessor intended to make an offer to purchase EAC ,  which for more than a month has been seeking a buyer .     While he reiterated today that EAC is proceeding with that effort ,  Mr .  Virnich said ,   " We ' ve got a lot of interested parties ,  adding that Mr .  Fritzsche is  " going to be in the same  line  with everyone else .  "  
 Mr .  Giblen is the first to concede that Smith ' s ,  which operates 94 stores in eight Western states ,  is well run and a nice place to shop .     Its large ,  modern stores combining groceries and drugs are full of wide aisles and beaming employees ,  who seemingly make it their goal for customers to breeze through checkout  lines  .  
 There were immediate ego and technical problems to deal with .      " It was like trying to shepherd a group of wild animals into a straight  line  ,  "  said one of the participants ,  who asked not to be named .  
 Just think of it .     Airlines hold you captive for hours -- in maddening ticket counter  lines  ,  in smoke-filled airports ,  and in planes that seem permanently parked on runways .  
  " Microwaves have changed our perceptions of time in the  ' 80s much as telephones changed them at the turn of the century ,  "  says Mona Doyle ,  president of Consumer Network Inc .  ,  a consumer research firm in Philadelphia .      " It has made even fast-food restaurants not seem fast because at home you don ' t have to wait on  line  .  "  
 On the way to work one morning ,  he stops at the building to tell Mr .  Arkhipov:  " Don ' t forget the drains today .  "         Back in his office ,  the  line  of people waiting to see him has dwindled ,  so Mr .  Goncharov stops in to see the mayor ,  Yuri Khivrich .  
 How about lowering the stress levels of America ' s very stressed-out shoppers .     It emerges that one of their top pet peeves is waiting in long  lines  while other registers or windows stay closed .  
 He hastily kissed the tarmac at Windhoek airport and then gave his mother a quick hug .     He proceeded briskly through a reception  line  of party officials and old friends ,  and he barely had time to tell the news media  " I am happy to be back home "  before one of his bodyguards tugged his elbow and said  " Comrade ,  let ' s move .  "  
 He proceeded briskly through a reception  line  of party officials and old friends ,  and he barely had time to tell the news media  " I am happy to be back home "  before one of his bodyguards tugged his elbow and said  " Comrade ,  let ' s move .  "         Then he was gone ,  disappearing in an official motorcade that rolled past a mile-long line of supporters outside the airport .  
 Naturally ,  when the Cubs won the pennant in 1932 ,  we wanted to see a World Series game ,  "  he goes on .      " The first one in Chicago was on a Saturday ,  and Chester and I got to the ballpark Friday night to get in  line  for tickets .  
 In this case ,  the government said ,  the aim was to claim unlawful tax losses .         Defense lawyers argued in their 43-page memorandum that there was a long  line  of cases allowing tax losses in cases that were almost the same as the one against the Princeton/Newport defendants .  
 Suddenly ,  a blue truck drives up and delivers some boxes .     As they are unloaded at a desk near the cashier ,  a  line  quickly forms around the desk ,  even though people don ' t know what the boxes contain .  
 Consider Mr .  Adorno ,  the young New Yorker who paid $3 . 30 to cash his paycheck .     Mr .  Adorno shrugs his shoulders when asked why he doesn ' t use a bank instead and says ,   " The  lines  at the bank are longer .  "  
 Four years ago ,  Antonio Mamani ,  a truck driver for a state mining company ,  carried his pocket money in a burlap bag because the devalued pesos were too bulky to fit in his trousers .     The price of a movie ticket often rose while he waited in  line  to buy it .  
 With less competition and less of a chance for newcomers to get into the game ,  these U . S .  carriers will have a more stable and profitable financial environment than they ' ve had in the past ,  says George James ,  president of Airline Economics Inc .  ,  a Washington consulting firm .         Moreover ,  he says ,  major U . S .  air carriers also have such assets as undervalued real estate ,  valuable landing slots ,  airport gates ,  salable aircraft and even positions in  line  to take delivery of new planes .  
 Warsaw ,  Saturday ,  Aug .  19: The first sign of the intense Western interest in this country shows up outside my plane window as we touch down here: a white Boeing jet marked  " United States of America "  parked among the Aeroflot planes on the tarmac .     Inside the terminal ,  the first of many long  lines  is at the currency exchange .  
 Some 60 tired Poles queue in the lobby of Super Sam ,  a big food market .     They haven ' t reached food  lines  yet; this is a line for shopping carts .  
 There is no sugar .     To pay for their purchases ,  shoppers stand in yet another  line  .  
 He seeks the House investigation  " to ensure that the public record is clear .  "         Mr .  Frank ' s troubles are simply the latest in a long  line  of ethical peccadilloes -- financial and sexual ,  heterosexual and homosexual -- that have left politicians and their advisers searching for guidelines .  
 Fortunately ,  80% of Polish agriculture is already privately owned ,  though farms are usually only three to six acres .     If the state choked off its ruinous 15%-a-week hyper-inflation ,  sold or gave away larger tracts of land to private farmers and abolished price-fixing marketing boards ,  Poland ' s food  lines  could start to melt away .  
 Congressmen sitting in Rayburn House Office Building 2358 -- the appropriations subcommittee on transportation -- could provide the answer .     This particular day ,  a long  line  of lobbyists and observers waits in the hall outside the committee room to no avail: The panel has voted to close its meeting to the public ,  and now is in the process of negotiating which projects get funded and which ones don ' t .  
 On a given summer ' s day ,  some 150 , 000 people pass through the turnstiles of Disney ' s parks ,  estimates Tom Powell ,  the editor of Amusement Business magazine .     They spend at least $10 each on food and souvenirs ,  he says ,  and they are happy ,  or at least willing ,  to stand in hour-long  lines  .  
  " As junk-bond issuers can ' t make their interest payments ,  there will be a reckoning ,  "  he said .         Elsewhere downtown ,  big  lines  formed for tickets to the Illinois Lottery ' s Saturday Lotto drawing .  
 As they stood in the Charles Schwab office late yesterday ,  the investors ,  many of them elderly ,  stayed near the machines .     They took turns punching in their stocks ,  then headed to the back of the  line  .  
 Just two weeks ago the government freed food prices as part of its reform program ,  doing away with the meat-rationing system that ' s been around since the time of martial law .     The result has been a run on meat that means the  lines  and discontent are even greater than before .  
 In June ,  the Naderite consumer group Buyers Up made a media splash by predicting tight supplies would send gasoline prices soaring by 10 cents a gallon this summer ,  and could lead to 1970s-style gas  lines  .     Pump prices instead have dropped seven cents a gallon since June ,  and even remote resort areas haven ' t seen any lines .  
 At the same time ,  Saratoga is up to date enough to make wandering New Yorkers feel at home .     Signs in front of several of the manses proclaim them to have been condo-ized ,  the track offers Pick Six and trifecta wagering along with other new-fangled betting gimmicks ,  and  lines  everywhere are Manhattan-long .  
 Companies such as gypsum marketer USG ,  hotel operator Holiday and publisher Harcourt Brace Jovanovich have fended off raiders by borrowing to pay big dividends .     Either way ,  the stubs stand behind a long  line  of bondholders if a company is dissolved; only after debt is satisfied can stubholders stake a claim to assets or earnings .  
 That produced a return of $2 . 40 on a $2 win bet and made such tickets as valuable as souvenirs as in bills and coins .     Payout-window  lines  ,  however ,  indicated that most winners were cashing theirs .  
 May Speed Up Customs        THE U . S .  CUSTOMS Service thinks it can shorten the  lines  for clearing customs -- at least for businesses .  
 As tea is served ,  a young girl tells of being ordered out of her family home in Bulgaria and being brought to the police station .     There she waited in  line  for more than eight hours for a passport -- only to be sent home without one .  
 At London ' s Gatwick airport ,  delays are so bad the airport has put up two marquees with 1 , 000 extra seats ,  and brought in clowns to entertain children .     In Honolulu ,  travelers coming from Asia have been stuck in two-hour  lines  at customs and immigration .  
 By contrast ,  travelers to Asia encounter most of their problems on the ground .     At Tokyo ' s Narita airport ,  industry officials say ,  it can take an hour and a half to park and get through the airport ' s customs and immigration  lines ; they cite an expected 16% increase in the traffic this summer .  
 Early next year ,  work is to begin on a three-year project to add 33 more gates .     But the next major expansion ,  which is to overhaul the departure hall and replace the two oldest  lines  of gates ,  isn ' t scheduled to occur until 1998 .  
 But lawmakers argue that dropping direct loans wouldn ' t save much money and that disadvantaged entrepreneurs would have a hard time competing for the guaranteed loans .      " People are waiting in  line  for those loans .  
 It ' s at the Orpheum ,  where ,  whatever else you may say about the proceedings ,  there ' s at least no wait for the ladies '  room during intermission .     The only  line  is outside the men ' s -- Mr .  Busch ' s tried and true fans ,  who ' ve been supporting this master of camp farce since the beginning .  
 The Burbank ,  Calif . -based entertainment concern also said it tentatively has plans for a new  " sea-oriented theme park "  around the Queen Mary ship and Spruce Goose airplane attractions in Long Beach ,  Calif .  ,  which the company obtained through its acquisition of Wrather Corp .  last year .         The expansion of the $500 million Disney-MGM Studios attraction was disclosed by Disney ' s chairman and chief executive officer ,  Michael D .  Eisner ,  when he responded to an article in the Orlando Sentinel about crowded conditions and long  lines  at the park .  
 Q: What are you most proud of having done as enforcement chief ?         A: It would have to be the  line  of cases -- Levine ,  Boesky ,  Drexel ,  et al .  
 As I look back and I think of major cases that have been brought in the past ,  there ' s the Whitney case ,  against the president of the stock exchange for manipulation ,  a very important case .  {In that case ,  former New York Stock Exchange President Richard Whitney pleaded guilty to two counts of grand larceny in 1938 ,  leading to highly publicized hearings on what William O .  Douglas ,  then the SEC chief ,  called  " the whole anatomy of Wall Street chicanery and corruption .  " }        I think this  line  of cases will be remembered as equally important for their time .  
 In meetings with FAA and Transportation Department officials ,  they said that inspecting each electronic item would turn airport security checkpoints into giant bottlenecks .     Some passengers caught in long  lines  would miss their flights .  
 Meanwhile ,  merchants in Woodstock ,  N . Y .  ,  say business is slow .      " Either they ' re all waiting for August or they envision mud and long  lines  of traffic ,  "  says Jean Gaede of the local Chamber of Commerce ,  adding that no special event is planned .  
 At that point ,  Mr .  Keenan said he would again have to check on exactly where the shares reposed .         He made another call and came back on the  line  with the news that the stock was at Eppler ,  Guerin & Turner ,  a Texas brokerage firm with no offices whatever in Utah .  
 A spokesman for the NSA declined to comment on the agency ' s role in the Iran-Contra affair .         Intelligence sources said the encryption devices ,  described as computer-type keyboards that are connected to ordinary telephone  lines  ,  aren ' t the most sophisticated such machines developed by the NSA .  
 PLESSEY CO .  and GENERAL ELECTRIC CO .  of Britain received the first big export order ,  valued at the equivalent of about $24 million ,  for their System X digital telephone exchange .         Plessey said Telecom Colombia ,  the national telecommunications authority of Colombia ,  is buying 13 of the exchanges ,  involving a total of 68 , 000 telephone  lines  .  
  " Additional increases won ' t be necessary to bring long-distance rates down ,  "  he said .         The subscriber- line  charge ,  also called the access charge ,  makes subscribers pay part of the fixed costs of the lines to homes and small businesses rather than adding these costs to long-distance service .  
 Mr .  Fowler ' s action appears aimed at quelling growing congressional opposition to any increase .     The subscriber- line  charge ,  also called the access charge ,  makes subscribers pay part of the fixed costs of the lines to their homes and small businesses rather than adding these costs to the cost of long-distance service .  
 The plan ,  called Linkup America ,  would pay for half the cost of telephone installation ,  or a maximum of $30; the remainder of the installation charges would be financed over time .         In addition ,  low-income residents wouldn ' t be required to pay subscriber  line  charges .  
  " I don ' t look for any real dramatic change ,  "  said Paul G .  Sherer ,  an analyst with Robertson ,  Colman & Stephens ,  a San Francisco investment concern .     Mr .  Sherer said that while Equatorial ' s marketing niche is potentially lucrative -- it is the sole supplier of low-speed satellite data communications systems for companies which now must depend upon dedicated telephone  lines  -- its satellite systems still are considered experimental technology by many corporate telecommunications managers .  
 Instead ,  they use such companies as US Sprint Communications Co .  ' s Telenet subsidiary and McDonnell Douglas Corp .  ' s Tymnet subsidiary ,  which charge cut-rate prices .     These companies rent private telephone  lines  and spread the costs among thousands of computer users .  
 It also will issue $23 million in credits on customers '  local phone bills in the same period .     Some 1 . 3 million customers with 1 . 6 million telephone  lines  will be affected .  
 But in recent years ,  some investment banks -- among them Morgan Stanley & Co .  ,  Goldman ,  Sachs & Co .  and Salomon Brothers Inc .  -- have become major currency traders as well .     Now the three firms ,  and perhaps others ,  are applying for direct  lines  to the New York Fed .  
 The issue of direct access raises significant policy and possibly legal questions: Does the Fed have authority to deal with entities beyond its regulatory control ?     And if the Fed opens  lines  with some investment banks ,  must it then open its doors to all non-bank institutions ?  
  " Telecommunications will be a red hot spot for new small-business ideas ,  "  believes James R .  Swartz ,  managing partner of Accel Partners ,  a venture capital firm .     One Accel investment ,  General Communications Corp .  ,  has developed telephone- line  switching and transmissions devices which offer multiple uses of a single home telephone line ,  including simultaneous transmission of voices and pictures .  
 For a monthly fee of about $12 (plus the price of each call) ,  the answering service -- actually a  " dialing service "  -- will dial your desired number ,  call you back and patch you into the call .     A red light on the phone indicates when one of the service ' s 20 other customers is using the  line  .  
 Regulators ,  who have set up a telephone hotline to help with the transition ,  said patients can either choose another federally qualified HMO or return to traditional fee-for-service Medicare benefits .         A federal compliance officer doubling as an operator on the 800 telephone number said Saturday ,   " We have six  lines  ,  and they are never not ringing .  "  
 Such a trading strategy would ordinarily be a prescription for instant losses .     But the trader says he was merely following instructions from his client -- a Fed dealer on the other end of a dedicated private telephone  line  .  
 In Atlanta ,  John L .  Clendenin ,  BellSouth ' s chairman and chief executive ,  said the results  " reflect strong growth in both our telephone operating companies and our non-regulated subsidiaries .  "     While also providing no details of the unregulated businesses ,  he said BellSouth telephone company units added a record 177 , 000 new access  lines  .  
 The restrictions are exasperating for manufacturers ,  who must contend with huge competitive pressures sparked by the technological changes .     The standard telephone has given way to a complex electronic device that has the potential to enable people ,  computers and office machines to communicate along the same  lines  at the same time .  
 The World Bank and IDA also approved $150 million in credits to India for urban development projects in the state of Uttar Pradesh .         Morocco will get a $125 million World Bank loan to help modernize and expand telecommunications facilities ,  including telephone  lines  .  
 New products announced yesterday -- a phone system called Spirit and an updated Merlin system -- are part of a plan to overhaul the unit ,  said John A .   " Gus "  Blanchard ,  group vice president in charge of the unit .     The unit sells phones and phone switches to businesses with fewer than 80  lines  and was one of several businesses AT&T considered abandoning last fall .  
 The market for phone systems is fairly flat and intensely competitive; AT&T ,  International Business Machines Corp .  ' s Rolm unit and Northern Telecom Ltd .  vie each year for the No .  1 spot and together control 60% to 70% of the market ,  according to analysts .         AT&T said its new Spirit system ,  which has been in controlled introduction in Southern California ,  is designed for non-office businesses and ,  in the larger model ,  can accommodate as many as 24  lines  and 48 phones .     Merlin II ,  the larger of the new Merlin systems ,  can accommodate as many as 32 lines and 72 phones .  
 That Van Gogh painting sold for 290 , 000 times its original value .         The  line  was quiet .  
 A board of federal and state regulators last month voted to increase the subscriber- line  charge by a total of $1 . 50 by April 1989 .         The charge makes subscribers pay part of the fixed costs of the lines to homes and small businesses rather than adding these costs to long-distance service .  
 So for Judge Schwartzberg ,  the practical considerations of finding space for files and people to do the filing are a top priority .      " We will have to add more copying machines ,  more telephone  lines  ,  more clerical staff ,  "  he said .  
 Officials of each airline said only that they have held talks with the company about supplying Trintex subscribers with the ability to order airline tickets using personal computers .         Videotex systems distribute interactive information and other services ,  usually over telephone  lines  ,  to users with personal computers .  
 While 15 of the 16 largest software companies are on the East or West Coasts ,  WordPerfect is in Utah .     When most software companies complain about the cost of answering questions from users ,  WordPerfect provides a toll-free  line  for its customers '  calls .  
 But Multimate has slipped recently at the same time as the Wang system has fallen out of favor .         One key to WordPerfect ' s growth was its toll-free help  line  .  
 One more twist: The yen thus raised were  " swapped "  into U . S .  dollars for delivery to the Canadian government .          " We had several telephone conferences ,  and at the final bidding ,  we had people on the  line  in Ottawa ,  and our people on in Toronto ,  New York ,  London and on a speakerphone in Tokyo ,  "  says a manager in the Tokyo head office .  
 They do so by calling 976-CHAT in Los Angeles .     For $2 plus toll charges ,  callers are allowed to participate for about two and a half minutes in confusing conversations which alternate between efforts to figure out who is on the  line  and the ramblings of teen-age minds .  
 What is this ?  (a mother ' s voice)      -- It ' s a chat  line  .      -- A chat line ?  
 In less than a minute I had a list of 33 books that met those criteria; in less than two minutes I had a six-page printout to take with me to the New Hanover County Library ,  which ,  incidentally ,  last month replaced its microfilm card catalog with computers and CD-ROM disks .     Of course ,  the Bowker system is designed primarily for commercial accounts ,  not for indolent researchers like myself ,  and as such it has options to allow bookstores and libraries to place orders electronically over the telephone  line  with major book wholesalers .  
 This ,  of course ,  induces long-distance carriers to look for a variety of other ways to reach their customers ,  including private microwave relays and fiber-optic cables .         In order to reduce the incentive for long-distance companies to bypass the local companies through alternative distribution systems ,  the FCC instituted a fixed monthly  " subscriber  line  charge "  for residential and business subscribers .  
 This charge ,  imposed in June 1985 at $1 a month ,  is now $2 a month for residential subscribers and $6 a month for multiline business customers .     The charge is de signed to make subscribers pay for part of the fixed costs of the  lines  to their homes or businesses rather than adding these costs to the costs of long-distance service .  
 Another hot new market: sophisticated gear for business and industry .     Canon U . S . A .  Inc .  aims at government ,  the media and real estate with its electronic still camera ,  which doesn ' t use film and can transmit pictures over telephone  lines  .  
 Commodore is hoping sales will come from the booming desktop-publishing markets ,  which is Apple ' s domain ,  as well as more specialized users in the music ,  video ,  and graphics-related professions .     For instance ,  by using the Amiga ,  advertising agencies could develop full-color story boards and send them over telephone  lines  .  
 Take information services .     Advances in technology since the time of the decree mean that computers can more easily communicate with each other over telephone  lines  -- that ' s especially important now that there are an estimated 12 million home computers in America ,  apart from the millions of office systems .  
 Only 40 firms currently display quotes on Seaq international ,  about two-thirds of its capacity .     But Mr .  Nash said there are about a dozen entry requests that have been delayed by a lack of necessary telephone  lines  .  
 Selling software electronically has been tried before without much success ,  primarily because the devices were so limited ,  says Chuck Kinch ,  ComputerLand ' s vice president ,  products .     Some units ,  for instance ,  distributed software by telephone  lines  from a central location ,  but the process wasn ' t reliable ,  Mr .  Kinch says .  
 The IBM announcement said the PC Convertible will now come with a  " supertwist "  liquid crystal display screen ,  which uses a new technology to greatly enhance readability .     IBM also dealt with complaints about the modem ,  which lets computers communicate across telephone  lines  ,  by offering an optional modem that adapts to the industry standard .  
 Occasionally ,  the language seems formulaic: After computers confirm a rocket ' s  " incredibly precise "  trajectories ,  an Air Force general enters his  " highly secure "  office .     Moments later the secretary of defense speaks on a telephone  line  available only to  " very senior administration officials .  "  
 The state panel confirmed an earlier ruling that determined the services to be in the public interest .     In addition ,  it ordered Pacific Telesis Group Inc .  ' s Pacific Bell unit and GTE Corp .  ' s General Telephone Co .  of California unit to continue efforts to find an inexpensive way to block access to 976 programs from their telephone  lines  .  
 The union leaders ,  from 24 countries ,  claim to represent some 26 . 5 million organized workers around the world .         The proposed measures include setting up toll-free telephone  lines  in Britain and other countries for IBM employees to contact union organizers ,  forming an international clearing house for the unions to swap information about IBM ,  stepping up recruitment advertising and publicizing instances of what labor leaders call IBM ' s  " union-busting "  actions .  
 US Sprint Communications Co .  ,  a long-distance telephone company owned jointly by GTE Corp .  ,  Stamford ,  Conn .  ,  and United Telecommunications Inc .  ,  Kansas City ,  Mo .  ,  is also expected to enter the competition .         The new service would replace the federally managed network of owned and leased equipment and leased long-distance telephone  lines  that link 1 . 3 million government workers nationwide and handle 300 million calls a year .  
 American Telephone & Telegraph Co .  said it signed a $92 million contract with the Navy to install a telecommunications network linking 14 naval facilities in the San Francisco Bay area .         The 10-year agreement includes 40 , 000 telephone  lines  ,  in a system that will have capacity of 120 , 000 lines .  
 One of them recalls that when Col .  North found out that Defense Secretary Caspar Weinberger objected to the plan to force down an Egyptian airliner carrying the Achille Lauro terrorists ,  he persuaded his Security Council superiors to initially order the White House operators not to disturb President Reagan with telephone calls .     (Mr .  Weinberger and the president eventually spoke over an unsecured  line  while Mr .  Reagan was aboard Air Force One and Mr .  Weinberger was on another aircraft . ) 
 Mr .  Rollwagen also said he told Seymour Cray ,  the company founder ,  about how Apple was using the machine .      " There was a pause on the other end of the  line  ,  "  Mr .  Rollwagen recalls ,   " and Seymour said ,   ' That ' s interesting ,  because I ' m designing the next Cray with an Apple .  '  "  
   At the Federal Bureau of Investigation ,  agents probing the Iran-Contra affair are assigned  " secure "  telephone  lines  that can ' t be bugged .  
 Based on Rochester ' s closing price of $44 . 75 a share in composite trading yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange ,  the transaction has a total value of about $26 . 3 million .         Enterprise ,  which serves about 15 , 700 access  lines  in a territory between Harrisburg ,  Pa .  ,  and Philadelphia ,  will become Rochester Telephone ' s third telephone operating company in Pennsylvania .  
 But officials close to Mr .  Carlucci said the new national security adviser is determined to serve as an honest broker between the Pentagon ,  the State Department ,  the CIA and other agencies .         The officials said Mr .  Carlucci also has been careful to secure a direct  line  to President Reagan ,  bypassing White House chief of staff Donald Regan .  
 The commission voted 5-0 to seek public comment on a plan to  " streamline "  regulation of packet switching networks and telecommunications services offered under competitive contracts .     Commercial packet switching services divide data transmissions into tiny digital segments and route those segments economically over telephone  lines  .  
 Picture hundreds of traders sitting or standing at consoles ,  each with perhaps eight or more flashing computer screens .     Picture each trader with two telephone handsets ,  connected by direct  line  to maybe 500 customers and fellow traders .  
 The transaction includes J . B . N .  ' s Independent Communications Inc .  unit ,  a Fairview ,  Kan .  ,  provider of communications services to the Defense Department ,  the telecommunications concern said .         J . B . N .  Telephone serves 2 , 500 access  lines  in 13 exchanges in north central Kansas ,  Contel said .  
 BOSTON -- The call came shortly after Michael Janeway resigned under pressure as editor of the Boston Globe .     Suddenly Gov .  Michael Dukakis ,  almost a stranger ,  was on the  line  inviting him over to the Statehouse ,  and there ,  alone ,  the two talked about how much it hurts when a man works hard at a job he loves -- and is judged a failure .  
 The company also wants to expand in telecommunications to take advantage of the growth in that industry .     For example ,  it is producing and installing a product that enables utilities to read customer meters through telephone  lines  .  
 IBM also boosted the 9370 ' s prospects by announcing products that will let it attach to a token-ring network ,  which will help it communicate with other IBM computers .         In addition ,  IBM announced products that will make it easier to group 9370s ,  to have a 9370 dial into a central computer through telephone  lines  and to update a 9370 ' s software from a remote location .  
 The result of this bureaucratic obstacle course: New foreign investment ,  excluding companies already established in the Philippines ,  reached a meager $712 , 000 in the first quarter of this year .         Many businessmen claim it is more difficult to transact business now than under Mr .  Marcos ,  when a direct  line  to the palace ,  however costly ,  usually assured an investor of official cooperation .  
 Irving Trust Co .  ,  a major player in the foreign exchange market ,  said it is taking a  " sabbatical "  from interbank dealing after its trading desk was  " decimated "  in a move by a group of dealers to E . F .  Hutton & Co .         Irving has traded currencies since the 1920s and is one of about a dozen U . S .  banks with direct trading  lines  to the Federal Reserve .  
 Similarly ,  AT&T blames the breakup of the Bell System for lack of certain services that use a separate signaling network within the nation ' s phone system .     This network is used within AT&T ' s long-distance  lines  to send the phone number separately from the call itself ,  enabling AT&T to keep from sending calls to places where lines are busy .  
 Instead of pushing hot new funds through performance rankings ,  companies are now emphasizing diversification .     And with many investors unable to get through clogged telephone  lines  during the crash ,  companies are stressing service .  
 ABC also is testing new marketing approaches for its soaps .     It has created a soap-opera trivia contest on radio and a special 900 telephone  line  called  " Soap Talk .  "  
 Neither one is practical .  "     GM ,  he notes ,  has established toll-free complaint  lines  ,  and has rewritten its service bulletins for fifth-grade-level readers .  
 The Federal Communications Commission ,  which recently eased up on raunchy radio and TV shows ,  yesterday started cracking down on raunchy telephone services .         The agency launched investigations into whether two California companies violated the Communications Act by providing lewd telephone messages without screening the calls to see if children were on the  line  .  
 But with the city ' s growth as the West Coast ' s financial hub and the gateway to the Pacific Rim ,  businessmen with expense accounts have clamored for first-class hotel rooms .         Guests ,  who typically shell out $175 to $300 a night for a single (the price can go up to $3 , 000 for the ne plus ultra in sybaritic surroundings) ,  are being pampered with larger rooms or suites ,  real marble bathrooms with television ,  phones with more than one  line  ,  plush robes ,  exotic flowers and complimentary wine .  
 At the hospital ,  nobody could call in except on the emergency number .      Lines  out were jammed .  
  " They can ' t ,  "  he says flatly .         After decades of scrimping on new equipment ,  British Telecom is stuck with a tired ,  antique phone system that is expensive to maintain and prone to crossed  lines  .  
   Teradyne Inc .  said it received a $25 million contract from British Telecommunications PLC for its automated test system for subscriber  lines  .  
 Recently joining the list of foreign players were Austria ' s Girozentrale Vienna and Belgium ' s Banque Bruxelles Lambert .         Richard W .  Magee ,  managing director of Tullett & Tokyo Forex Inc .  ,  a currency broker ,  said that in the past year ,  the company has installed trading  lines  to about a dozen new branches of foreign banks ,  mostly from smaller countries .  
 Operators sometimes take half an hour to answer the phone .      Lines  mysteriously go dead ,  and repairmen won ' t fix them unless paid tips .  
 Computer Sciences also has been  " consistently late "  in providing certain quality control products ,  he said ,  resulting in some incorrect payments to providers and incorrect reporting to the state .     And the company has failed to set up sufficient toll-free telephone  lines  to handle inquiries from providers ,  he added .  
 In your May 21 story about the phone industry billing customers for unconnected calls ,  I was surprised that you did not discuss whether such billing is appropriate .     A caller who keeps a  line  open waiting for a connection uses communications switching and transmission equipment just as if a conversation were taking place .  
 There is no more reason not to pay for tying up network facilities when calls go unanswered than there is for a refund on gasoline when one drives to a store only to find that desired merchandise is out of stock .         Callers anxious to reach parties whose  lines  are busy or unanswered can freely redial until they get through .  
 As the long-distance market becomes more competitive ,  however ,  prices of services will conform more to the costs of providing those services .     If holding a  line  open while waiting for a call to be answered imposes costs ,  eventually a price will be charged .  
 The Federal Reserve Bank of New York said it granted  " several "  currency brokers direct access to its foreign exchange desk ,  a privilege previously limited to about a dozen commercial banks .         For the time being ,  the New York Fed said ,  it will use direct  lines  to brokers only to gather market information ,  and it will continue to deal only with banks in foreign exchange transactions .  
  " It ' s a step in the right direction ,  "  an investment banker said of the move .         A Fed spokesman said Friday that extending  lines  to investment banks is still under consideration .        Morgan Stanley & Co .  ,  Goldman ,  Sachs & Co .  and Salomon Brothers Inc .  are among the investment banks that have become major foreign exchange market participants in recent years and seek lines to the Fed .          The Fed wouldn ' t say which or how many brokers it established links with ,  but two New York brokers identified themselves as having opened lines to the Fed: Noonan ,  Astley & Pearce Inc .  and Tullett & Tokyo Forex Inc .         For the Fed ,  lines to brokers provide instantaneous information on exchange-rate moves .     For brokers ,  as for commercial banks ,  getting a line to the Fed brings prestige and at least the appearance of having access to the internal workings of the often secretive central bank .         If the Fed eventually chooses to use brokers for its currency transactions ,  the lines also could deliver sizable chunks of profitable business .  
 The brokers '  combined average daily trading volume was $25 . 9 billion ,  a rise of 84% since 1983 .         Brokers had been seeking  lines  to the Fed since the 1970s ,  according to Joe Roderick ,  vice president at Noonan Astley .         The Fed hasn ' t discussed its deliberations about granting lines to investment banks .  
 He also said he didn ' t learn of Morgan Stanley ' s decision to rescind the trade until his broker called him at about 11:30 EDT last night .      " He said they ' d have an explanation in the morning ,  so I won ' t know until then what we ' re going to do ,  "  he said while his lawyers held on another telephone  line  .  
 Rolm ' s operations in Europe are much smaller than those in the U . S .     In Britain last year ,  IBM and Rolm had less than 3% of the market for large office switchboards ,  private automated branch exchanges handling 100 or more telephone  lines  ,  according to Dataquest Inc .  ,  a San Jose ,  Calif . -based market research firm .  
 But a new breed of investor is going high tech .     Some carry beepers that alert them to sudden market changes; others rent or buy portable computers that retrieve financial-news wires by telephone  line  .  
 That ' s because not all of those switchboards keep track of whether calls are routed long distance ,  so it would be difficult to add access charges to such calls .    He said the agency would look at ways to monitor such calls and may propose a flat-rate fee for some private  lines  .         The FCC currently makes companies pay $25 a month for certain local lines that connect to big companies '  switchboards ,  but it feels that the revenue raised from those charges is inadequate .  
 Major firms contacted ,  including Morgan Stanley & Co .  ,  Kidder Peabody & Co .  ,  PaineWebber Inc .  ,  Goldman Sachs and Salomon Brothers ,  all either denied that they were responsible for the buying or declined comment .         As news of the rally in MMI futures reached the New York Stock Exchange (major firms maintain open  lines  both to their traders in Chicago and to specialists in New York) ,  the market got another important psychological boost: the announcement of stock buybacks by major corporations .  
 It has made organ-donor education its public cause ,  and bowing to  " growing public concern ,  "  it begrudgingly pulled out of South Africa earlier this year .     It set up a special 800 inquiry  line  for reporters ,  supported a science-journalism project and launched a  " Dow Lets You Do Great Things "  ad campaign .   
 A caller in Chicago ,  for instance ,  could call a Chicago company and get switched to a branch office in New York without paying the full long-distance rates .     To pay for such activity ,  the FCC now makes companies pay $25 a month for certain local  lines  that connect to big companies '  switchboards .  
 Rochester Telephone Corp .  said it signed a letter of intent to acquire C , C&S Systems Inc .  for about $25 million in stock .         Jackson ,  Mich . -based C , C&S Systems is a holding company that operates C , C&S Telco Inc .  ,  a telephone company that serves 17 , 000 access  lines  in South-Central Michigan ,  and T-COM Inc .  ,  a paging service that operates in Florida ,  Michigan and Texas .  
 Rochester Telephone operates three telephone companies in New York and four in Pennsylvania .     Its companies serve a total of more than 500 , 000 access  lines  .  
   More than a week after the market tumbled through the glass into Wonderland ,  the telephone  lines  at Rothschild Securities Corp .  still crackled with customers '  anger and apprehension .  
 It is the Federal Reserve Bank of New York ,  agent for the U . S .  government .     And for a moment ,  Mr .  Scala doesn ' t see the  line  light up .          " When that line comes in ,  you ' ve got to pick it up quick ,  "  Mr .  Remigio chides his partner .  
 A hotline service operated by the Institute of Securities Market Development handles complaints from investors .     In recent weeks ,  as many as one thousand callers a day have clogged the  lines  just to  " let off steam ,  "  says Leon Hu ,  president of the government-sponsored agency .  
 WALL STREET CHAOS spurs activity in a $99 ,  simulated trading game from Wall Street Games Inc .  ,  Wellesley ,  Mass .     With nothing real at stake ,  players still swamped the game ' s toll-free telephone  lines  ,  selling stocks short on Monday and buying on Tuesday and yesterday .  
 But Southwestern Bell ' s economists note that the signs of a recovery are centered in the manufacturing segment and provide a weaker boost to demand for phone service than does an economic rebound fueled by service and construction industries .         Mr .  Barnes said that in the past 12 months ,  the phone company ' s customer  lines  increased only 38 , 000 .  
  " That is far below our traditional growth rate within our five-state territory ,  "  he said .         That also sharply contrasts with gains of 176 , 000 new  lines  by Pacific Telesis Group ' s telephone company unit during the third quarter .  
 The SIPC is an industry-backed organization that provides reimbursements to individual customers of failed member firms .         Meanwhile ,  some firms weren ' t answering their trading  lines  yesterday ,  possibly to avoid sales that would drive prices of their proprietary little issues down even furtheir ,  traders said .  
 Revenue rose 8% to $3 . 12 billion from $2 . 89 billion .         BellSouth had a record increase of 232 , 000 new customer  lines  in the quarter .     So far this year ,  it said ,  it has gained 504 , 000 new lines ,  compared with 510 , 000 for all of 1986 .  
 Indeed ,  even enthusiasts concede that human operators have a role .      " If you have a consumer complaint  line  and a computer answers it ,  that ' s the worst possible application ,  "  says Brad Wendkos ,  president of Phoneworks ,  a Hackensack ,  N . J .  ,  firm that designs telephone promotions .  
 Revenue rose about 1% to $2 . 33 billion from $2 . 31 billion .     Donald E .  Guinn ,  chairman and chief executive officer ,  said the company ' s Pacific Bell Telephone Co .  unit added more than 176 , 000 new customer  lines  during the quarter .  
 D . C .  Staley ,  chairman ,  said the results  " are within our expectations ,  "  although the rate of growth in net income has been  " slowed somewhat due to investments and expenditures intended to improve Nynex ' s long term financial outlook .  "         The company had 14 . 3 million access  lines  in service at the end of the quarter ,  up 3 . 2% from the year earlier period .  
 Mr .  Nakasone ,  meanwhile ,  retains the power of considerable public popularity and control over a sizable faction within the LDP .     His goal is to continue to exert that power and to keep a  line  open for a repeat session as prime minister in a few years .  
 Mary and Philip Robertson have sent a postcard from Italy to their three Shih Tzus .      " Dear Nanky-Poo ,  Yum-Yum and Tu Ling ,  "  the card says ,   " We are having a splendid time ,  but as always ,  miss you guys .  "  (Some clients telephone to talk to their dogs ,  but Ms .  Katz jokingly tells them that the pets are  " on another  line  .  " ) 
 Many mutual funds offer telephone switching privileges where an investor can call to switch out of a stock mutual fund into a money-market fund at the end of that day ' s trading .     But sometimes a fund ' s telephone  lines  are jammed .     When stock prices made sharp corrections earlier this year ,  some investors complained they tried unsuccessfully for three and four days to get through to mutual funds on 800-number telephone lines .  
 These views have been translated into action .     When Mr .  Harkin was a member of the House ,  he was instrumental in persuading Congress to purchase up-to-date equipment that allows hearing-impaired people to communicate by typing messages over the telephone  lines  .  
 AT&T ' s recent price decreases have not been shown to result from increased efficiency ,  deregulation or competition .     They are largely the result of the FCC ' s effort to shift telephone costs from long-distance carriers to local monopoly companies through increases in subscriber  line  charges and separation changes .  
 Conservatives suspect it is actually spending much more .         People for the American Way volunteers ,  using a dozen telephone  lines  at the group ' s Washington headquarters ,  this week will be urging members in Alabama ,  Arizona and Pennsylvania to contact Sens .  
 Many of those downtown workers who arrived at their offices after the quake were turned away .     Stores and bank branches in the area didn ' t open or opened late ,  and telephone  lines  into the Los Angeles area were overloaded for several hours following the quake .  
 So far ,  OS/2 hasn ' t sold well ,  mainly because there were no programs that tap the operating system ' s snazzy graphics and ability to juggle several computing tasks at once .         Sidekick provides a planner calendar ,  an automated phonebook ,  a calculator ,  a bare-bones word processor ,  and makes it easy for a personal computer to connect with other computers through telephone  lines  .  
 Merrill executives familiar with the telecommunications operations offer a different view .    They said the company currently uses a combination of dedicated private  lines  and public lines to transmit voice ,  data and video signals .     The use of the lines is coordinated by an internal technical staff and managers .  
 But judging from their vastly different marketing methods ,  the cattle auctions might as well be on different planets .         Superior Livestock Auction ,  which has headquarters here and in Brush ,  Colo .  ,  uses a satellite dish ,  dozens of camera crews ,  nationally distributed catalogs and hundreds of telephone  lines  and video screens to market steers that never leave the ranch until they are sold .  
 An important challenge facing Mr .  Adams is the distressed economy of the company ' s regional-service territory ,  which has been hard hit by the drought and energy slump .     Last year ,  the company ' s telephone business had its poorest annual growth volume for new telephone  lines  since the Great Depression .     It installed only 8 , 100 new lines .  
 But insiders say they believe Mr .  Adams can step up to the challenge .     In Texas ,  he stimulated new telephone  line  growth by pushing advanced products such as Integrated Services Digital Network ,  which combine voice ,  data and video transmissions over one telephone line .     For the third quarter ,  new telephone lines quadrupled ,  with Texas responsible for about 62% of the growth .     The company added 114 , 866 new lines in the quarter .  
  " Our computers have been down for 1 1/2 days .  "         The facsimile machine ,  which can send and reproduce copies of a document over telephone  lines  ,  is suddenly ubiquitous .  
 The tape-recorded voice answering the phone tells callers how to enter a contest for a free trip to London ,  which includes a plug for Continental Airlines .     If you stay on the  line  ,  running up an even bigger phone bill ,  the same voice goes on to advertise the movie ,  and would have gone on but I ' d heard enough .  
 Revenue from telephone operations increased 7% to $634 . 6 million ,  while long-distance connection services surged 10 . 5% to $327 . 9 million .         William L .  Weiss ,  Ameritech ' s chairman and chief executive officer ,  said the company had its  " largest telephone- line  increase ever ,  "  a 2 . 5% jump for a total of 371 , 000 lines installed .  
 Zane E .  Barns ,  Southwestern Bell ' s chairman and chief executive officer ,  said he expects the company ' s cellular properties to be profitable by the end of 1989 .         In new telephone  lines  ,  Southwestern Bell had its best quarterly performance since 1985 .     New telephone lines quadrupled .     The company added 114 , 866 new lines in the third quarter ,  up 88 , 866 from 26 , 000 a year earlier .  
 The company said overall expenses in the quarter jumped 16% to $2 . 69 billion from $2 . 31 billion a year earlier .         Non-telephone operations and growth in new telephone  lines  helped revenue surge 11% to $3 . 46 billion from $3 . 11 billion a year earlier .  
 Those revenues increased 45% to $757 . 6 million from $524 . 1 million ,  while revenues from long distance calls made within the same area code rose 8% to $427 . 1 million from $394 . 6 million .         New telephone  lines  continue to grow at a clip of 4 . 5% annually .     The company added 216 , 000 new telephone lines in the third quarter for a total of 16 . 3 million .     So far this year ,  the company has added 537 , 000 lines .  
   Profits for five telecommunications concerns rose in the third quarter ,  generally reflecting increases in new customer  lines  .  
 Basic telephone business revenue increased 2% to $2 . 47 billion from $2 . 42 billion ,  while non-telephone operation revenue slumped 17% to $137 . 3 million ,  compared with $165 . 2 million .         In the business segment ,  new telephone  lines  increased by 7 . 1% and call volume ,  reflected in minutes of use ,  rose 11 . 5% .     Bell Atlantic installed 105 , 000 new telephone lines ,  both business and residential ,  for an increase of 3 . 2% and a total of $16 . 3 million .  
   Pacific Telesis ' s net benefited from gains in its cellular and paging business ,  increased local long-distance use ,  and new telephone  lines  .         Minutes of use for local long-distance calls jumped 8 . 9% ,  profit in the cellular and paging business surged 73% ,  and new telephone lines grew 4 . 2% .  
 Revenue from basic telephone service increased 2 . 7% to $805 million ,  while revenue from long distance calls made in the same area code climbed 4 . 6% to $581 million .         Pacific Telesis installed 207 , 000 new customer  lines  ,  a 4 . 2% increase ,  for a total of 12 . 95 million access lines .  
 Local service revenue was flat at about $1 . 41 billion ,  compared with $1 . 40 billion in the year-ago quarter .         New customer  lines  grew 3 . 5% in the third quarter .     Nynex ,  based in New York ,  installed 194 , 000 access lines for a total of $14 . 8 million .  
 Access charge revenue rose 6 . 7% to $676 . 3 million from $633 . 9 million .      U S West ,  based in Denver ,  also had increases in minutes-of-use and new telephone  lines  .     Minutes-of-use rose 8 . 2% to 8 . 5 million from 7 . 87 million ,  while new customer telephone lines increased 2 . 3% to 11 . 8 million ,  signalling changes in the economy .  
 But ,  he adds ,  support costs are high .     Customers who buy the upgrades average two calls apiece to the company ' s help  lines  ,  the same number as for new customers .  
 That ,  in turn ,  should continue to cut the costs of the machines and expand their market .         Sharp Electronics Corp .  and Ricoh Corp .  recently announced faxes that use normal paper ,  rather than the rolls of chemically treated ,  heat-sensitive paper most faxes use to reproduce documents from signals transmitted over telephone  lines  .  
 Missing perhaps 300 or more of their local pilot fish to follow them and magnify their trading power ,  the Wall Street houses will eventually be ground down by even moderate portfolio insurance selling ,  Serfling realizes .  "         He still has the German client on the  line  .  
 They are here ,  "  Mrs .  Guba answered .         On the tape recording of Mrs .  Guba ' s call to the 911 emergency  line  ,  played at the trial ,  the baby sitter is heard begging for an ambulance .  
 Local bills for residences and small businesses will show an FCC-ordered 60-cents-a-month increase in charges by local companies beginning in December .     The so-called subscriber  line  charge ,  currently $2 . 60 a month ,  reflects part of the cost of connecting long-distance companies with local companies .  
 Residences average $15 a month in long-distance charges ,  according to Jack Grubman of PaineWebber Inc .         The subscriber  line  charge is scheduled to increase 30 cents in April for residences and small businesses .  
   The Federal Communications Commission restricted the ability of local telephone companies to charge high prices for private telephone  lines  used in communications networks .  
 In fact ,  one of the quickest post-crash reforms was to install special phone links between New York ,  Chicago and Washington market overseers .     This arrangement ,  which the Big Board calls the  " hoot and holler "   line  ,  is meant to make sure that in a crisis ,  markets can be in instant contact without the risk of busy signals or switchboard snafus .  
 Records show ,  for example ,  that three top Soviet laser scientists had access to classified areas of Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory ,  even though they were authorized to visit only unclassified areas ,  the GAO said .         In another case ,  an Israeli scientist barred from classified areas gained access to the laboratory ' s supercomputer through the telephone  lines  of a worker at whose home he was staying ,  the GAO said .  
   Local phone companies will be restricted by the FCC in charging high prices for private telephone  lines  used in communications networks .  
 Callers seem baffled by the change .     When investors now get a live voice on the  line  ,  says Steven Norwitz ,  a vice president for T .  Rowe Price Associates Inc .  ,  Baltimore ,   " They ' ll be saying ,   ' What happened to my yield ?  '  "  
 The Philadelphia-based telecommunications concern also said it hopes this will lead to more contract work as the Dutch government proceeds with long-range plans to modernize its telephone system .         The Dutch network has about six million telephone access  lines  ,  making it slightly larger than New Jersey ' s network ,  which also serves a densely populated area .  
 However ,  continuing cutbacks in personnel could further irritate some already-frustrated investors .     Mario Maltese ,  a Fidelity fund shareholder and the chairman of an audio-visual-systems company in Mineola ,  N . Y .  ,  says clogged  lines  recently caused him to quit seeking help from Fidelity ' s phone representatives during the day .  
  " The allegations are not true and we intend to defend ourselves vigorously .  "         The suits ,  filed in U . S .  District Court for the Southern District of Ohio ,  stem from claims by two fired Cincinnati Bell employees ,  who told local newspapers that they had been ordered to illegally tap the telephone  lines  of more than 1 , 000 Cincinnati area residents .  
 The only reason the former employees reportedly gave for tapping the phones was for national security concerns .     Three of the residents ,  whose  lines  were allegedly tapped ,  filed the suits .  
 In addition to the Knight-Ridder-Tribune and Scripps-Howard wires ,  the other major news wires operated by newspapers are the New York Times News Service ,  and Los Angeles Times/Washington Post News Service .     Over telephone  lines  ,  each service transmits news stories and features to subscribing newspapers .  
  " If you can buy and sell with a personal computer ,  you can ' t be put on hold ,  "  says William Coppel ,  a Quick & Reilly marketing executive .         But Michael Gianturco ,  author of  " The Stock Market Investor ' s Computer Guide ,  "  notes that computers use telephone  lines  to communicate with the brokers '  electronic systems .     And when the telephone lines are jammed ,  he says ,  a computerized trader won ' t be able to get through any better than anyone else trying desperately to call a broker ,  he says .  
 By conservative estimates ,  at least $20 billion is held in accounts outside the country .     Bankers with comfortable offices overlooking crumbling Buenos Aires streets are always on the  line  to Switzerland .  
 Martin L .  Quinn ,  the president of a small marketing firm in Seal Beach ,  Calif .  ,  says he is tired of brokers interrupting his dinner or leaving urgent messages on his answering machine .      " I know it ' s a salesman when they ask ,   ' How are you ?  '  "  says Mr .  Quinn ,  who stays on the  line  only long enough to hear a brokerage firm ' s name .  
 Inside a dark tent ,  Kayitan Kavas ,  a county commissioner ,  shouts into a telephone for more help .     On the other end of the  line  ,  a voice promises 8 , 400 more blankets .  
 He wanted to discuss a cabinet appointment with Vice President George Bush ,  and ,  thinking Mr .  Bush was nearby ,  asked the switchboard to get him .         Soon ,  the vice president was on the  line  .  
 By comparison ,  it is usually pretty easy to track down White House and administration aides .     Top staffers have direct telephone  lines  to the White House installed in their homes .  
  " That was my fault ,  "  says a chastened Mr .  Griscom .         Generations of White House aides confess an attachment to the disembodied voices on the other end of the telephone  line  -- voices that ,  among other small favors ,  give wake-up calls to staffers going on trips .  
 Mr .  McPherson and arms negotiator Paul Warnke both remember what happened when President Johnson tried to reach Mr .  Warnke to offer him a Pentagon promotion .     The president talked for five minutes before realizing that the man on the other end of the  line  was John Carl Warnecke ,  the architect .  
 Mr .  Duggan ,  the former LBJ aide ,  once asked the switchboard to find a long-lost girlfriend in New York .      " Forty-five minutes later ,  they had her on the  line  ,  "  he recalls .  
 But now ,  even the libertine French are cracking down .         French entrepreneurs dish out pretty much the same fare that their U . S .  counterparts provide:  " gab "   lines  that dozens of people can dial to converse in language as off-color as strikes their fancy; private lines for one-on-one dirty talking; and prerecorded sex chatter .  
 The French also offer something not available in the U . S .  -- the pink Minitel ,  which allows customers to send dirty messages to one another through video terminals ,  called Minitels ,  that are attached to millions of French phones .         As in the U . S .  ,  the gab  lines  have been a big money-maker .  
 But ,  whereas in the U . S .  they are extremely difficult to regulate ,  in France they are being banned .     France Telecom ,  the nation ' s telecommunications authority ,  announced last month it will abolish the gab  lines  as of October .          " We realized that every one of the chat lines was pink {pornographic} ,  "  says a France Telecom official .  
 He brushes aside protests from pink-telephone services that the action restricts free speech .      " There isn ' t any law that says we have to provide chat  lines  ,  "  the official says .     He estimates that the gab lines were bringing their operators at least 100 million French francs ($15 . 6 million) a year .         Despite the ban ,  French officials say their crackdown on other forms of dial-a-porn is limited by the same legal void that exists in the U . S .  Nothing in French law restricts what two individuals can say over a telephone line .     Unless somebody involved can be judged guilty of  " inciting debauchery ,  "  the only way to prevent pornographic services is to close down an entire category of them -- as France has done with the gab lines .  
 The new system has already irked powerful senators .     Earlier this year ,  they discovered that they couldn ' t get more than one person on the  line  at the same time when Senate leaders called President Reagan to tell him that the historic Intermediate Nuclear Forces treaty had been approved .  
 Someone identifying himself as a security officer phoned the newsroom saying he intended to kill the editor .     Obscene shouting often bursts on the  line  in the middle of phone calls .  
 But news of the trade had fans flooding the phone circuits at the Kings box office here ,  hungry for season tickets .         Meanwhile in Edmonton ,  the  lines  were jammed with disgruntled fans steaming over the defection of their star player .  
 The bills are actually quite similar .     Both would require airlines to report far more performance data than they do now and to set up toll-free complaint  lines  .  
 Chances are ,  the hotel operator will just let the phone in the empty room ring and ring .     Eventually ,  the operator may pick up the  line  ,  but many don ' t ,  forcing people to call back .  
  " If there ' s a loophole in your tariff you can leave it to this company to find it -- quickly ,  "  says Rose Llauget ,  an executive at GTE Florida Inc .  ,  which runs the Tampa-area phone service .     Megaquest ,  meanwhile ,  argues that phone companies are keepers of a public utility ,  and shouldn ' t be allowed to censor what goes out over the  lines  .  
 They can also choose from a variety of tapes by pushing a number on the phone .  ( " Press 1 for the sexiest love kittens in New York .   .   .   .     For the pain and humiliation you deserve ,  you gotta push 6 .   .   .   .  " ) Or callers can choose a one-on-one  line  like the C-Line ,  which recently ended its run in Houston amid growing public pressure .  
 Megaquest is also a big player in the clean side of the dial-it market ,  such as taped jokes .     But its biggest business is in the industry ' s hottest and most controversial new area: the  " gab "   line  ,  a service that dozens of people can dial at once to talk to one another .         Gab lines bring in about 70% of Megaquest ' s revenue .     About three-fourths of all the 400-odd gab lines in the U . S .  today are Megaquest ' s ,  Mr .  Eisenberg says .  
 They are easily the most slippery dial-it service to regulate .     Callers on a gab  line  are just talking to one another on the telephone ,  something the phone companies and the government can ' t very well prohibit .         Megaquest loves to talk about the support gab lines offer the shy and the lonely ,  as it did in a recent case in Alabama .      " Many people in Birmingham are shut-ins ,  people who because of a handicap ,  illness or old age ,  cannot get out of their homes frequently ,  "  the company argued in a filing before the Alabama Public Service Commission ,  after South Central Bell tried to stop billing for its lines .  
  " Through group conferencing ,  these people can interact with other members of the community .  "     Ms .  Superfon says a soothing Megaquest operator on a Fresno ,  Calif .  ,  gab  line  once talked a deranged Vietnam veteran out of killing himself .         Actually ,  it ' s hard to imagine the aged or the suicidal getting much comfort from many of Megaquest ' s gab lines .  
  " Welcome to the only X-rated party  line  in town !  "  blares a tape that callers hear on one line before the gabbing begins .      " For a steamy sexual encounter you ' ll never forget ,  call  .   .   .   !  "  Another gab line calls itself  " the hot centerfold line "  and refers callers to another number where they can  " teach an inexperienced lady about the birds and the bees !  "  
 Like other gab- line  proprietors ,  Megaquest hires operators to monitor callers .     That is ostensibly to keep disruptive people off the lines ,  and to enforce the ground rules of its special teen service: no callers over 17 ,  no cursing and no talk about drugs or sex .  
 Not surprisingly ,  the rules are loosely enforced .     On one recent afternoon on the New York teen  line  ,  a caller could hear Tony and Robert screaming obscenely at each other in an argument about their virility .  
 One important role monitors play is to juice up conversations whenever they lag .     The monitor on Megaquest ' s bisexual  line  recently got the conversation rolling by discussing the relative merits of different gender combinations .  
 Another job for the monitors is steering customers to Megaquest ' s out-and-out porn services .     One wall poster in the New York office lists a special number and adds:  " The most important  line  !  
 That ' s a number Megaquest uses for various extra-pricey ,  hard-core porn services .         This side of the gab  lines  is one you won ' t learn about in Megaquest ' s filings with the public-service commission .  
 To a lot of parents ,  what Megaquest does is turn their telephones into raunchy ,  high-priced jukeboxes .     Cincinnati Bell started running gab  lines  last year and was stunned to see customer complaints double .  
 But lawmakers and the industry are finding that writing dial-it regulations that stand up to scrutiny is as hard as nailing Jell-O to the wall .         Phone companies ,  as regulated common carriers ,  can ' t always simply stop doing business with  lines  they deem offensive .     Southwestern Bell tried to quit billing for gab lines by arguing that the state rules authorizing its dial-it services covered taped messages ,  not live talk .  
  " Sex sells ,  "  he says .         The public firestorm has made him a little hesitant about launching expensive new X-rated  lines  .  
 Business at Southwestern Bell Corp .  nearly hit rock bottom last year .     Operating in the depressed oil patch of Oklahoma and Texas and the hardscrabble farm states of Arkansas ,  Kansas and Missouri ,  the company posted its poorest telephone- line  growth since the Great Depression: fewer than 8 , 200 new residential lines and an actual reduction of business lines .  
 So far ,  the technique is working .     Since January ,  Southwestern Bell has sold about 16 , 000 new  lines  to current business customers by introducing them to various features of Integrated Services Digital Network ,  such as  " inspect ,  "  which displays the name and telephone number of the party calling .  
 Since January ,  Southwestern Bell has sold about 16 , 000 new  lines  to current business customers by introducing them to various features of Integrated Services Digital Network ,  such as  " inspect ,  "  which displays the name and telephone number of the party calling .         Impressed by what they learned in the lab ,  Tenneco Inc .  ,  Shell Oil Co .  and Minnesota Mining & Manufacturing Co .  each bought more than 3 , 000 new lines .     For instance ,  the laboratory experience helped Houston-based Tenneco to decide to buy 3 , 900 more lines for an advanced network that integrates voice and data traffic .  
 THE DIRECTIONS must be designed as carefully as the product itself ,  more companies are finding .         For instance ,  Prodigy Services Co .  ,  a joint venture of International Business Machines Corp .  and Sears ,  Roebuck & Co .  ,  worked for three years to develop its system for shopping and retrieving information from a home computer over telephone  lines  .  
 Twelve air-traffic  " flow control "  centers in Europe coordinate these crisis-control actions by telex or telephone .     Flowcontrol units in London ,  Paris ,  Madrid ,  Rome and Frankfurt ,  West Germany ,  soon will be linked with special teleconference circuits so they won ' t have to rely on telephone  lines  ,  which often are busy .  
 He says further that he hasn ' t been paid for some of his work .     The West Palm Beach and New York telephone  lines  of Millionaire ' s publisher ,  Douglas Lambert ,  have been disconnected .   .   .   .  
 San Francisco-based Pacific Telesis said a robust California economy ,  streamlined operations and curbs on expenses were the key factors for its profit gain .         Business and residential  lines  increased 4% to 12 . 7 million ,  up 488 , 000 from a year ago .  
 The company ' s Cincinnati Bell Information Systems unit contributed $38 . 2 million to revenue in the quarter and $73 . 8 million in the six months .         The Cincinnati-based telecommunications concern said it added about 8 , 234 new  lines  in the quarter ,  boosting the total to about 755 , 000 .  
 Philadelphia-based Bell Atlantic said its second-quarter earnings increase was bolstered primarily by economic expansion in the mid-Atlantic region .         For instance ,  business telephone  lines  jumped 6 . 8% to five million from 4 . 7 million .     The total number of new lines grew 3 . 4% to 16 . 2 million ,  compared with 15 . 7 million a year ago .  
 Nynex said telephone operations remain strong .     The company said it added more than 479 , 000 telephone  lines  in the quarter ,  boosting the total to 14 . 6 million .  
 Regional long-distance revenue increased 13% to $345 . 3 million from $305 . 2 million .     New telephone  lines  grew 2 . 5% to 11 . 7 million from 11 . 4 million .  
 The New York State Public Employees Federation in Albany wins three pilot evening-shift day-care centers in a yet-to-be-ratified pact .         LATCHKEY KIDS placed so many calls to Whirlpool Corp .  ' s consumer information  line  appealing for help with appliances that the company conducted a survey ,  which found big use of appliances among school-age kids home alone .  
   Two regional Bell telecommunications concerns posted higher second-quarter earnings ,  bolstered primarily by strong growth of telephone access  lines  ,  while a third Bell company reported a decrease .  
   Earnings for Chicago-based Ameritech soared ,  aided primarily by strong growth in telephone and cellular  lines  and a one-time gain from the sale of Canadian cellular operations .  
 The company posted a $42 . 1 million gain from the sale of its 17% interest in Cantel ,  a Canadian cellular company .     Business and residential telephone  lines  increased 2 . 4% to 15 . 2 million ,  up 354 , 000 from a year ago .     Cellular-mobile lines grew 58% to more than 100 , 000 .  
 Total operating expenses increased 15% in the quarter ,  primarily because of costs relating to the elimination of Silver Pages operations and increased telephone company expenditures .         The company said more than 83 , 000 telephone access  lines  were added in the 1988 second quarter ,  compared with only 5 , 000 for the like period last year .  
   BellSouth ,  based in Atlanta ,  said earnings rose because of increases in new customer  lines  and toll usage .  
 Revenue climbed 6 . 3% to $3 . 21 billion from $3 . 02 billion .         The company said it added more than 133 , 500 access  lines  in its nine-state territory ,  boosting the total to about 16 million .  
 So the company ' s Southern Bell unit in Atlanta and its South Central Bell unit in New Orleans have been installing hundreds of miles of fiber optic cable; preparing links from inside the convention centers to satellite relay trucks that will be parked outside; installing public phones with special jacks to accommodate data transmission on laptop computers; and putting in new cells to handle the hundreds of cellular phones that many news organizations plan to bring .         Southern Bell has been furiously installing about 3 , 600  lines  at the World Congress Center in Atlanta for the Democratic convention starting today .  
   Calling on one  line  is a campaign aide deep into negotiations with the Jesse Jackson campaign over the rules for the 1992 presidential election .     On another line is Robert Strauss ,  the former Democratic chairman .  
 After his success in advertising ,  Mr .  Ezoe looked to diversify .     When Recruit began renting communications  lines  to tie its nationwide computers together ,  it discovered it could sell time on those lines .  
 John E .  Hulse ,  vice chairman and chief financial officer ,  predicted that network usage for the Pacific Bell and Nevada Bell units will increase about 7% to 10% this year .     He said the number of new customer  lines  is expected to grow about 3% to 5% .     In 1987 ,  the two telephone operations combined had $2 . 14 billion in network-usage revenue and they added about 462 , 000 customer lines ,  a 3 . 8% gain .  
 Currently ,  New York-based AT&T leases more conventional consumer phones at $2 . 70 to $8 . 85 a month .         The telecommunications company added it will begin leasing three other specialized models ,  including one with two  lines  ,  in August .  
 In the past week ,  he also has fielded calls from reporters around the world .     Last Friday ,  an associate of New York television personality Geraldo Rivera was on the  line  ,  asking Mr .  Finckle to appear as his talk-show guest .  
 An even tougher problem is the distressed economy of the company ' s regional service territory ,  hit hard by the energy slump and the drought .     Last year ,  the company ' s core telephone business added only 8 , 100 new access  lines  ,  the poorest annual growth volume since the Great Depression .  
 The U . S .  will maintain diplomatic relations with Haiti ' s military government following a coup Monday that returned military leader Namphy to power after four months of civilian rule ,  the State Department said .     Schools ,  markets and businesses in Port-au-Prince were reopened ,  and international telephone  lines  were restored .  
 The Information Age has been put on hold .         By now ,  consumers nationwide could have been taking advantage of all kinds of special services through their telephone  lines  -- checking airline schedules or baseball scores ,  tracking prices of their favorite stocks ,  arranging to watch pay-for-view movies on their TV sets .  
 The decline in first-quarter profit reflected a shift in Northern ' s Canadian production to less profitable wire and cable products during a four-week strike in March at its main Canadian plant in Bramalea ,  Ontario ,  where telephone switches are produced .         Central-office switches ,  which accounted for 53% of Northern ' s revenue last year ,  are used by telephone companies to route voice and data communications over telephone  lines  .         Mr .  Fitzgerald said he expects that sales of switches ,  as measured by new telephone lines ,   " are going to flatten out "  during the next few years ,  and that increased competition in North America will continue to drive down prices .  
 The five-year ,  profit-sharing venture will provide U . S .  news organizations ,  businesses and other users with direct telephone communications and digital transmission of data ,  photos and other information to and from the Soviet Union .     Only 11 dedicated telephone communications  lines  currently exist between the two countries ,  company officials said .  
 Her question: How can she raise a child on a $1 . 75 refund check ?         Then there is the girl who ran up a $600 telephone bill dialing toll-call party  lines  .  
 Advanced Micro Devices Inc .  ,  Sunnyvale ,  Calif .  ,  and Siemens AG of West Germany said they agreed to jointly develop ,  manufacture and market microchips for data communications and telecommunications with an emphasis on the integrated services digital network .         The integrated services digital network ,  or ISDN ,  is an international standard used to transmit voice ,  data ,  graphics and video images over telephone  lines  .  
 Atlanta-based BellSouth recently gave the party  line  a new function and renamed it Ring Master .    Atlanta-based BellSouth recently gave the party line a new function and renamed it Ring Master .     The service allows a residential customer to have as many as three telephone numbers fed into the home through the existing single telephone line .  
 And ,  as in the good old days ,  people will be able to listen in on conversations from other extensions -- but only within the same household .     While any one of the  lines  is in use ,  neither incoming nor outgoing calls can be made on the other extensions that are part of the service .         Ring Master costs about $4 a month for one additional number ,  and BellSouth will promote it as an inexpensive alternative to separate lines ,  for which the monthly fee totals $12 to $20 ,  depending on geographical location .  
 Dial-a-porn has been a point of contention for several years .     Anti-pornography groups and parents have fought vigorously to keep sexually explicit messages off the telephone  lines  because children could easily call the services .  
 EXECUTIVES INSTALL high-tech equipment in houses to ease take-home chores .         Bert Roberts Jr .  ,  president of MCI Communications Corp .  ,  has two computers ,  three telephone  lines  and a copying machine to handle the work he brings home at night and on weekends .  
 Japan wants to block competitive foreign technology from a lucrative telecommunications market ,  U . S .  trade negotiators said .         The negotiators said they learned in trade talks with the Japanese this week that Japan ' s Ministry of Posts and Telecommunications wants to limit technologies used in value-added networks ,  or VANs -- services that allow computers to communicate with one another over telephone  lines  .  
 That business is far and away the company ' s fastest-growing and most profitable segment .     The information  line  ,  which includes everything from reference books such as Who ' s Who to trade guides for lawyers and health-care professionals ,  has grown to $229 million in sales in 1987 from $146 million in 1985 .  
 One of Nasdaq ' s technological innovations -- its trans-Pacific link with Singapore -- went on the blink ,  and some traders half-jokingly groused that volume might have been slightly stronger otherwise .         Nasdaq said the link with Sesdaq (Stock Exchange of Singapore Dealing and Automated Quotations System) was suspended yesterday morning because of  line  problems in the U . S .  Introduced in March ,  the link allows Nasdaq and Sesdaq to exchange quotes on about 35 Nasdaq securities traded in both markets .  
 For Kodak ,  the trade-in already has been a costly public relations headache .     It has spent an estimated $17 million ,  much of it for a toll-free  line  it has kept open for two years and for a variety of early notices it sent to camera holders .  
 Precise terms weren ' t disclosed .         Lakewood ,  which serves 1 , 275 access  lines  in a 25-square-mile territory in eastern Pennsylvania ,  had revenue last year of about $750 , 000 .     Lakewood will become the fifth Pennsylvania telephone company purchased by Rochester ,  N . Y . -based Rochester Telephone ,  giving it a total of 26 , 000 access lines served throughout the state .  
 Since then ,  they have amended their misguided messages and bombarded the market with new advertisements .     Now ,  at the end of each commercial ,  Pacific Telesis tells viewers ,   " We ' re in the business to move information and keep it moving over telephone  lines  ,  over cellular systems ,  over computer networks we design .  "  
 The technology exists so that the dial-a-something services -- dial-a-porn ,  dial-a-preacher ,  dial-an-oddsmaker -- can be regulated by the phone company or by the phone owner .     With some technology ,  a phone company could simply block a resident ' s  line  at his request so that no one could make those dial-it numbers from his house .  
 Almost all would agree that kids shouldn ' t be running up phone bills by dialing dirty talkers; it ' s bad for the parent ' s wallet and probably bad for the child ' s mind .     But the argument can ' t be made that adults shouldn ' t be able to call these smut  lines  if they want to .  
 Pacific Telesis Group said its first-quarter earnings surged ,  bolstered primarily by the strong California economy ,  streamlined operations and its early retirement program .         San Francisco-based Pacific Telesis said access  lines  increased 3 . 7% to 12 . 6 million and local-long distance volume jumped 9 . 3% to 684 million .  
 The communications company also built a small call-switching room in Home Shopping ' s building and beefed up parts of its own network to handle the additional traffic .     From MCI ' s  lines  ,  traffic is switched to a Rockwell International Corp .  automatic call distributor; the system also uses Unisys Corp .  ordering equipment .  
 COLLECT CALLS: Two-thirds of the major companies surveyed by recruiter Korn/Ferry International say they pay outside directors an average of $712 for each telephone conference in which they participate .     And the vast majority get the full fee no matter how long they ' re on the  line  .  
 The plaintiff ,  United Missouri Bank of Kansas City ,  alleges that Kemper mismanaged $8 million in pension funds right before the market debacle in October .         In general ,  some holders of stock funds complained after the crash that they couldn ' t get through clogged telephone  lines  or that fund companies failed to honor their redemption requests in a timely fashion .  
 Southwestern Bell provides telephone service to the hard-hit oil states of Oklahoma and Texas ,  as well as to Arkansas ,  Kansas and Missouri ,  which have felt some of the economic pressures of the farm belt .     Last year the company gained only 8 , 100 new telephone  lines  ,  the worst year for growth since the Great Depression .  
 Annual revenue of general interest dial-up services total about $186 million ,  estimates Information Industry Bulletin ,  a Stamford ,  Conn .  ,  industry newsletter .     That compares with dial-a-porn revenue of $54 million and revenue of about $90 million from so-called gab  lines  ,  where customers call up and chat with others who are on the line .     Gab lines have a reputation only slightly better than dial-a-porn among some parents because teen-agers run up steep phone bills talking for hours .  
 Independent of Congress ,  several local phone companies already are introducing plans to block calls to porn and gab  lines  because of complaints by subscribers .     Bell Atlantic Corp .  plans to block all porn and gab lines in Pennsylvania and Maryland .     Customers there that want to dial these services would have to write the phone companies to unblock the lines .  
 Some Democratic lawmakers want to make these plans mandatory -- and free .     According to several plans under consideration ,  phone companies would be required to assign different phone number exchanges to dial-a-porn services ,  gab  lines  and general dial-up services .  
 Behind a glass window sits the moderator .     He is about to get a report from Washington when the telephone  line  dies .  
 There was no response .     Later ,  when we phoned again ,  the  line  was disconnected .  "  
   Telephone  lines  are about to get busier .  
  " Am I the toughest guy you know ?  "     The friend on the other end of the  line  can be heard saying ,   " You ' re tough all right .  
 Some of Mr .  Abboud ' s advisers had already left for Houston to begin poring over First City ' s books ,  but the banking concern ' s chairman and president ,  Daniel C .  Arnold ,  was on the phone and was balking .    On another  line  was First City ' s investment banker ,  Goldman Sachs & Co .    On the third line ,  advisers to Mr .  Abboud .     And on the fourth line ,  officials from the FDIC .  
 Merrill Lynch declined to comment .         Most of those affected by Fidelity ' s latest layoffs worked on the investment group ' s toll-free telephone  lines  ,  in back-office processing jobs and in Fidelity ' s discount brokerage .  
 The party- line  effect could defeat that .     Officials of Telaction say if lines get jammed there is a built-in queuing function to call a customer to the phone when it ' s his or her turn to shop .  
 There ,  he works at a Formica desk stacked high with newspapers and mail in an open New York newsroom with a dozen other people .     He has two phones that seldom stop ringing ,  plus a  line  for his best sources -- a network of traders ,  raiders and sundry other tipsters .  
 But he doesn ' t apologize for the idea ,  because ZapMail was an effort to address a real and continuing problem .     Facsimile machines ,  which transmit documents over telephone  lines  ,  are eating into Federal ' s overnight business .  
 AT&T later developed a form of picture phone for business meetings ,  but it was too cumbersome and costly for consumers .         Now Mitsubishi Electric Corp .  of Japan has begun selling VisiTel ,  a telephone accessory that uses a built-in camera to send still pictures over ordinary  lines  .     The user sits in front of the camera ,  frames a picture on a small video screen ,  and presses a button to send it ,  about five or six seconds later ,  to the VisiTel on the other end of the line .  
 Meanwhile ,  expenses climbed 12 . 2% to $2 . 49 billion from $2 . 22 billion .         The company said more than 185 , 000 new access  lines  were added in its nine-state territory ,  boosting the total to more than 15 . 9 million .  
 Philadelphia-based Bell Atlantic ' s earnings increased as intrastate toll use grew 11 . 2% and interstate access volume climbed almost 13% .     The company said total access  lines  grew 3 . 5% to 16 . 1 million .  
 If a product triggers a flood of calls ,  she can soften her presentation or spread it out a few more minutes .          " We ' ve even had situations where we ' ve told the audience ,   ' Don ' t call now because the  lines  will be busy for a while ,  '   "  says Jerry Troupe ,  executive assistant to Home Shopping Network Inc .  ' s chairman ,  Roy Speer .  
 Toward that end ,  Mr .  Gibbs has increased by 21% to 253 the number of so-called problem-resolution officers and their assistants ,  who intervene in taxpayers '  disputes with the agency .     He has hired more clerks to handle telephone inquiries ,  increased the number of incoming telephone  lines  ,  and expanded the hours the public can call for assistance .  
 Ameritech ' s outlook is based on expectations for steady economic growth in the Midwest-Great Lakes region ,  a densely populated and generally stable area .         Mr .  Springer predicted that combined network usage for Ameritech ' s five Bell operating companies will increase this year  " in the upper end of the 4% to 8% range "  and the number of customer  lines  will grow by  " better than 1-plus per cent .  "     In 1987 ,  total network access usage grew about 10 . 5% and Ameritech added about 340 , 000 customer lines ,  a 2 . 3% gain .  
 Most dial-up services charge about 50 cents a minute ,  but dial-a-porn messages can run a few dollars for the first minute .         Independent of Congress ,  several local phone companies already are introducing plans to block calls to porn and gab  lines  because of complaints by subscribers .    Bell Atlantic Corp .  plans to block all porn and gab lines in Pennsylvania and Maryland .    Customers there that want to dial these services would have to write the phone companies to unblock the lines .         Pacific Bell ,  a unit of Pacific Telesis Group ,  lets consumers block calls for free to all 976 dial-up services ,  and soon plans to give consumers the option of just blocking calls to adult messages or gab lines .  
 So far 450 , 000 subscribers have signed up for the 976 blocking service .     New York Telephone ,  a part of Nynex Corp .  ,  plans to offer -- for a one-time charge of $5 -- call blocking to dial-a-porn and chat  lines  .  
 Previously ,  the Fed lacked the effectiveness of the West German Bundesbank or Bank of Japan ,  they add .         A currency dealer at a New York bank with a direct  line  to the Fed says that previously ,   " when the Fed would come in ,  the dollar would almost always go against them .  
 By contrast ,  BellSouth Corp .  ,  which operates in the robust Sun Belt ,  added more than 650 , 000 new  lines  last year .         In 1988 ,  with the health of its service territory showing slight signs of improvement ,  Southwestern Bell expects telephone lines to increase about 1% ,  which would represent about 100 , 000 new lines .  
 Met with outrage ,  the plan was hastily abandoned .         Other innovations ,  such as banking at home via personal computer and telephone  lines  ,  have been painfully slow to catch on .  
 Analysts said the two-year contract probably makes the Swedish telecommunications group the leading supplier of telecommunications equipment to China .     Ericsson already has installed or taken orders for about 442 , 000  lines  in China ,  and has a few smaller orders to supply switching equipment .  
 Terms weren ' t disclosed .     Telefonica Nacional had operating revenue equivalent to $5 . 3 billion last year; it has 10 million  lines  in service ,  with 15 million telephones in use ,  making Spain ' s system the ninth-largest in the world .  
 The program was proving so popular that H&R Block apparently couldn ' t keep up with preparing all the returns .     Consequently ,  the spokesman at the Kansas City ,  Mo . -based company said ,  computer capacity has been increased 50% ,  more telephone  lines  have been added and additional workers hired to handle the backlog of customers seeking to file electronically .  
 Instead of hiring tellers and account officers to take deposits in the office ,  they advertise deposit rates in regional newspapers .     Customers call on toll-free telephone  lines  and conduct transactions by mail ,  by wire or through an automated-teller network shared with other banks .  
 Mr .  Allbach says he is beginning to suspect that Kodak instigated the suit ,  hoping everyone will pitch their cameras .     Kodak denies that and says the delay is costing it a bundle in legal expenses ,  not to mention the cost of maintaining an 800 telephone  line  for instant camera owners .  
 Separately ,  a federal appeals court in New York dealt the dial-a-porn business another setback ,  affirming long-contested regulations that make it harder to dial raunchy phone tapes .         The two developments are the latest shots in a bitter battle over dial-a-porn ,  which is becoming widespread both on AT&T and local phone-company  lines  .  
 Telephones were busier than usual at Fidelity Investments over the weekend -- but far less busy than the weekend that preceded October ' s Black Monday .         Fidelity ,  the nation ' s largest mutual-fund group ,  estimated that it received about 45 , 000 calls -- 28% more than usual -- on its 24-hour customer service  lines  during the weekend in the wake of Friday ' s 140 . 58-point drop in the Dow Jones Industrial Average .  
 Finding him became an obsession for Mr .  Stoll .     He made a midnight requisition of all the printers he could lay hands on so that he could monitor all the telephone  lines  coming into the lab ' s computers .     After discovering that the hacker had taken over the dormant account of a legitimate user named Joe Sventek ,  he rigged up an alarm system ,  including a portable beeper ,  to alert him when Sventek came on the line .  
 Currently a $300 million-a-year business ,  900 telephone service is expected to hit $500 million next year and near $2 billion by 1992 as uses for the service continue to expand ,  says Joel Gross of Donaldson ,  Lufkin & Jenrette Inc .     The service -- which costs the caller from 30 cents to $25 a minute -- currently is dominated by celebrity chatter ,  horoscopes and romance  lines  .  
   Richard Breeden hadn ' t noticed that his new desk had just four telephone  lines  and one phone .  
 It was ,  after all ,  only his second full day as chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission .    But the lack of  lines  became painfully apparent .     As the stock market lurched into a 190-point free fall on Oct .  13 ,  Mr .  Breeden found himself scurrying around the sixth floor of the SEC -- from his desk ,  where the New York Stock Exchange was on an open line ,  to his assistant ' s office ,  where the Commodity Futures Trading Commission was connected ,  to a third room ,  where a computer monitored market moves .  
 It won ' t happen again .     Now there are more  lines  connected to the chairman ' s office ,  and the market-monitoring computer has been moved next to his desk .  
 Rochester will exchange shares of its common stock for all shares outstanding of Viroqua Telephone ,  a family-owned company .         Viroqua serves about 3 , 000 access  lines  in western Wisconsin .  
   Place a phone order through most any catalog and chances are the clerk who answers won ' t be the only one on the  line  .  
 Meanwhile ,  supporters of the Dellums two-party consent bill say it is needed because of a giant loophole in the one-party consent law .     Currently ,  if the person taping is a party to the conversation ,  it ' s all right to record without the knowledge of the other person on the  line  .  (Intercepting other people ' s private conversations is illegal and punishable by five years in prison and fines of $10 , 000 . ) 
 Overall they increased 2 . 8% to 12 . 1 million ,  putting U S West over the 12 million mark for the first time .     Business  lines  increased 3 . 7% to 3 . 3 million .  
 The three-month-old strike at Nynex seriously hurt the installation of new telephone  lines  in the quarter .     Nynex said access lines in service at the end of the quarter were off 18 , 000 from the previous quarter ,  which reported an increase of 160 , 000 new access lines .  
 Meanwhile ,  the FEMA announced a toll-free telephone number (800-462-9029) to expedite service to victims of the earthquake .      Lines  will be available 24 hours a day to take applications for such disaster relief as temporary housing and emergency home repairs by phone .  
   Contel Corp .  said third-quarter net income increased 16% to $72 million ,  or 45 cents a share ,  from $62 million ,  or 39 cents a share ,  as a result of strong growth in telephone-access  lines  and long-distance minutes of use .  
 Information systems posted a loss of $8 million ,  compared with a loss of $9 million a year earlier .         Customer-access  lines  increased at an annualized rate of about 4% and minutes of long-distance use rose about 12% .  
 Revenues rose 8 . 8% to $4 . 35 billion from $4 . 0 billion .         The company said the quarter included a 10% increase in local-exchange usage for long-distance calling and a 5% increase in the number of access  lines  in service .  
 Chairman Zane E .  Barnes said Southwestern Bell ' s  " businesses are healthy and are continuing to grow .  "         The company reported a 3 . 1% increase in the number of access  lines  in service ,  and also said its Southwestern Bell Mobile Systems unit added 30 , 000 new customers ,  with a current total of about 333 , 000 .  
 In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange ,  Cincinnati Bell fell 25 cents to $29 .         The company said that the number of access  lines  dropped slightly in the quarter ,  a decline attributed to seasonal fluctuations .     For the year ,  however ,  access lines in service have increased 5 . 5% .  
   Although two Baby Bells showed strong growth in access  lines  ,  usage and unregulated business revenue ,  one reported a modest gain in third-quarter net while the other posted a small drop .  
 BellSouth        At BellSouth ,  based in Atlanta ,  customer access  lines  grew by 162 , 000 ,  or 3 . 5% ,  during the 12-month period ended Sept .  30 .  
 In addition ,  earnings were reduced by rate reductions in Florida ,  Kentucky ,  Alabama ,  Tennessee and Louisiana .         Ameritech At Ameritech ,  based in Chicago ,  customer access  lines  increased by 402 , 000 ,  or 2 . 6% ,  and cellular mobile lines increased by 80 , 000 ,  or 62 . 3% ,  for the 12-month period ended Sept .  30 .  
 The use of 900 toll numbers has been expanding rapidly in recent years .     For a while ,  high-cost pornography  lines  and services that tempt children to dial (and redial) movie or music information earned the service a somewhat sleazy image ,  but new legal restrictions are aimed at trimming excesses .  
 Kurt Sanger ,  ABC Sports ' s marketing director ,  says that now  " tens of thousands "  of fans call its 900 number each week to vote for the best punt return ,  quarterback sack ,  etc .         Profit from the calls goes to charity ,  but ABC Sports also uses the calls as a sales tool: After thanking callers for voting ,  Frank Gifford offers a football videotape for $19 . 95 ,  and 5% of callers stay on the  line  to order it .  
 Jackets may be sold next .         Meanwhile ,  NBC Sports recently began  " Scores Plus ,  "  a year-round ,  24-hour 900  line  providing a complex array of scores ,  analysis and fan news .  
 Viewers can call a 900 number for additional advice ,  which will be tailored to their needs based on the numbers they punch ( " Press one if you ' re pregnant ,  "  etc . ) .     If the caller stays on the  line  and leaves a name and address for the sponsor ,  coupons and a newsletter will be mailed ,  and the sponsor will be able to gather a list of desirable potential customers .  
 The biggest flurry of investor activity came early in the day .     Vanguard Group Inc .  saw heavy exchanges from stock funds into money market funds after the telephone  lines  opened at 8:30 a . m .  
 But analysts say that on short flights ,  if many passengers pick up their phones at once ,  the wait for a dial tone could be longer than the flight .     An America West Airlines spokeswoman concedes ,   " You might have to wait three to five minutes to get a  line  .  "  
 The New York plan froze basic rates ,  offered no protection to Nynex against an economic downturn that sharply cut demand and didn ' t offer flexible pricing .     In contrast ,  the California economy is booming ,  with 4 . 5% access  line  growth in the past year .  
 Communications would be even worse in the old downtown section of the city ,  where Gen .  Noriega maintained his military headquarters complex .     CIA officials hadn ' t provided Maj .  Giroldi or his allies with any means to communicate with the Southern Command ,  nor did they arrange to keep a telephone  line  open to Gen .  Noriega ' s headquarters .  
 So ,  after rebels apparently had seized the building ,  several U . S .  officials attempted in vain to contact them by phone to determine what had become of Gen .  Noriega .     Some of their outgoing calls were interrupted by their own switchboard operators ,  who chastised the officials for using  lines  they had been ordered to keep free .  
 St .  Croix Telephone would be the fourth telephone concern in Wisconsin -- and the tenth in the Midwest -- acquired by Rochester Telephone in the past year .     St .  Croix Telephone serves 5 , 300 access  lines  near Minneapolis .     Rochester Telephone serves 575 , 000 access lines ,  primarily in Western-Central New York .  
  " Consolidated expenses will be higher than anticipated as a result of certain nonrecurring expenses ,  including legal fees ,  "  the company said ,  adding also that revenue has been below its projections .         In the past year ,  Rochester Telephone ,  which serves more than 570 , 000  lines  ,  mainly in Western-Central New York ,  has acquired or announced agreements to acquire nine Midwestern telephone companies -- five in Illinois ,  three in Wisconsin and one in Indiana .  
 Ebaugh ,  the show ' s creator .      " Earthbeat ' s "  activism will be reflected in its use of telephone  lines  to record viewers '  opinions on issues and perhaps invite them to add their names to  " electronic petitions "  to be sent to politicians or corporations .  
 For instance ,  the technology isn ' t sophisticated enough to recognize unusual accents .     Moreover ,  some people still don ' t like talking to a machine ,  forcing them to stay on the  line  until a human operator eventually picks up the call .  
 Its 10 million people are burdened with an $18 billion debt ,  stuck with a defunct infrastructure and a technologically untrained work force .         In Budapest offices ,  secretaries often work in groups to make a single call on one of the country ' s huge ,  pea-green telephone  " machines ,  "  which have plenty of levers and flashing lights but a poor record of finding a free  line  .  
 Now ,  field representatives drop by each store every few days ,  clipboards in hand ,  to evaluate customer-oriented operations .     Also ,  to make sure that customers have a direct  line  to the company ,  Burger King is installing a toll-free phone number for consumer feedback .  
   Barry K .  Davis ,  the founder of Traders & Investors Alert ,  a telephone stock-tip  line  ,  is expected to disassociate himself from the service within a few weeks .  
 It declined to disclose the number of shares involved .         Mt .  Pulaski Telephone ,  which would be Rochester Telephone ' s fifth Illinois telephone concern ,  serves about 1 , 800  lines  in central Illinois .  
 Despite the name ,  Mt .  Pulaski no longer has electric customers ,  Rochester said .         Rochester Telephone ,  which serves more than 570 , 000  lines  ,  mainly in Western-Central New York state ,  has acquired or announced agreements to acquire eight Midwestern telephone companies this year -- five in Illinois ,  two in Wisconsin and one in Indiana .  
 A previous increase occurred last May ,  when the San Francisco AIDS Foundation issued a strong plea for people to consider early testing and treatment .         In New York City last week ,   " Eight to 14 telephone  lines  were ringing at once ,  in contrast to the usual four to five ,  "  said Susan Rosenthal ,  director of AIDS counseling and testing for seven city test sites .  
 Pacific Telecom ,  Vancouver ,  Wash .  ,  also has agreed to retain for five years all current employees of the city ' s telephone company and to refrain from requesting new rate increases in that period .         In April ,  Anchorage requested bids on its telephone system ,  setting a minimum price of $400 million for its 115 , 000  lines  .  
   Securities regulators are investigating a New Jersey-based telephone tip  line  that has been getting attention for its blend of  " inside "  Wall Street research ,  gossip and investment advice .         The tip line ,  Traders & Investors Alert ,  based in Fort Lee ,  N . J .  ,  is run by a 46-year-old former insurance broker and publicist ,  Barry K .  Davis ,  who has run afoul of regulators in the past .  
 Critics say it could be a vehicle for stock manipulators .         Oddly ,  many of the people that seem to be calling the tip  line  are Wall Street brokers ,  hungry for stock tips they say aren ' t available from their own research departments .  
  " We have put Traders & Investors on notice that they appear to be operating as an unregistered investment adviser ,  "  says Richard Barry ,  supervisor of enforcement with the New Jersey agency .         Meanwhile ,  the SEC ,  which is aware of the Traders & Investors  line  and the growing attention being given to it ,  declines to comment on whether it ' s investigating .  
 In contrast ,  Pacific Telesis has won back many private- line  and Centrex customers since it gained the right to reduce rates .     California ' s booming economy helped give Pacific Telesis the highest second-quarter growth in access lines among the Baby Bells .  
 Prospects for modernizing Jiangsu ' s antiquated telephone system also have dimmed .     The province ' s population of 61 million surpasses that of France ,  but Jiangsu ' s phone system can handle only 50 , 000  lines  .  
 American Express Co .  and American Telephone & Telegraph Co .  have formed a partnership to expand in interactive telephone marketing .         The new company ,  Call Interactive ,  will use the telephone  lines  for an array of sales and market-research services .  
 The acquisitions of six other companies are pending ,  with completion scheduled before year end .     Rochester Telephone expects to serve more than 600 , 000 access  lines  in six states when the acquisitions are completed .  
 Callers are invited to play interactive games with the movie ' s characters ,  to enter sweepstakes and ,  of course ,  to run ,  don ' t walk ,  to the nearest theater .         Toll telephone services have mostly been the stuff of pornography  lines  and of children ' s horror-story and Santa Claus lines .     But movie marketers hope they can use the lines to entice potential moviegoers ,  especially teen-agers and young adults .  
 Even better from the marketer ' s point of view: The calls cost money ,  so marketers can break even or even turn a profit ,  in effect charging people to be subjected to advertising .         Typical of the new services is the Indiana Jones  line  ,  which costs $2 . 50 for a two-minute story .  
 Sen .  Howard Metzenbaum (D .  ,  Ohio) has threatened to propose legislation curtailing phone  lines  advertised to children .     While the movie lines say they are geared towards older teens ,  they are advertised on MTV and cable stations watched by younger children ,  too .  
 To combat the critics ,  Interactive TeleMedia ,  a Los Angeles-based firm specializing in 900 numbers for the entertainment business ,  has come up with a system to block multiple calls .     Its system would allow a movie  line  ,  for example ,  to accept only a certain number of calls from a single phone number .  
 Interactive has worked with Paramount ,  Lucasfilm and others ,  but so far hasn ' t used the blocking system .      " The abuse has been in sex  lines  and gab lines ,  and we don ' t have either .  
 We ' ve had absolutely no complaints ,  "  says Barclay Lottimer ,  vice president of sales and marketing .         Still ,  the  lines  are far from a sure thing ,  and it ' s too soon to say if they even work .  
 Since then ,  Paramount ' s  " Star Trek V "  and  " Indiana Jones "  have followed ,  while Orion ' s  " Great Balls of Fire "  has experimented with a 900 number in a very limited way .      So far ,  though ,  most of the phone  lines  have been disappointing .     Interactive ' s Mr .  Lottimer ,  for example ,  says he expected to get more than one million phone calls on the  " Star Trek "  and  " Indiana Jones "  lines ,  which his company worked on ,  but response was in the  " high six figures "  instead .  
  " The key is to be able to handle those calls ,  "  says Ronald A .  Katz ,  president and chief executive officer .     He says his company will be looking into movie  lines  ,  as well as record promotions in which ,  say ,  callers could hear a preview of a new Madonna song .  
 The drawbacks haven ' t prevented film marketers from continuing to dabble ,  if cautiously ,  in untested waters .     D . L .  Blair is working on a 900  line  to coincide with the Aug .  31 video release of  " Bill and Ted ' s Excellent Adventure ,  "  a teen movie starring George Carlin as a time traveler .    A TV commercial plugging the line will run on MTV ,  and a long promotional spiel for the toll line will appear on the video .     Blair ' s Mr .  Ellman says the company is also working on a 900 line to coincide with an animated Christmas video release and a major feature film for next summer .         Still ,  plenty of moviemakers are steering clear of the 900 number lines ,  wary of the sometimes sleazy reputation of the business .  
 Some of your old henchmen at the Yard doing their stuff  ,  splendidly  .     Been on the  line  to them on and off all day  .  
 In the back row sit Mission Control ' s brass  .     Alongside Kraft sits Mission Director George Hage  ,  who has direct  lines  from his console to the White House  ,  the State Department and NASA ' S Washington headquarters  .  
 Contributed by Mary-Jo Jansson Van B .  Fox  ,  who directed NBC ' S live program series  ,   "  Wide  ,  Wide World  ,   "  tells about a show on America ' s mountains : There were five location directors working in the field  ,  and I was directing from the control center in New York  .     We had just come to the last three minutes on the air  ,  when suddenly the producer barked a warning :  "  Van  ,  they ' ve lost the  line  from the next location  .  
  "  Now that ' s panic time  ,  for TV ' S cardinal rule is : The programs must end on time  !     I punched a button opening my  line  to Joe Behar  ,  the director in Colorado :  "  Joe  ,  we ' ve got to stretch  .  
  "  Hello  .   "     But by now the  line  was dead  .  
 Alvin jerked up the phone and shouted  "  Hello  !   "     The  line  was dead  .  
 He crossed to the desk and lifted the telephone  .     The  line  was dead  .  
 She would send Philippe a telegram  .     Help could not be had by talking into a dead  line   ,  but no one in his family would leave a telegram unread  .  
 There was nothing new about the boy  .     One of Tibbs ' s fellow investigators came on the  line  briefly ; he had made a quick check of the area where the shooting had taken place  .  
  "  Mommy  ,   "  came a very small voice  ,   "  did you say I killed him  ?   "   "  Johnny  .  .  .   "  she began when another voice cut into the  line   .  
 Then he held his breath  .   "     Mr .  Tibbs  ,   "  the voice of Maggie McGuire came tearfully over the  line   ,   "  I ' ve heard from Johnny  !   "  
  "  Did he say where he was  ,  Mrs .  McGuire  ?   "     A suppressed sob came over the  line   .  
  "  Why  ,  yes  .     The operator came on the  line   ,  like they do  ,  and said that three minutes were up and to signal when we were through  .  
 At last there was a response  ,  he listened for a moment and then passed the phone to Tibbs  .   "     Tom Satriano is on the  line   ,   "  he advised  .  
 What ' s your trouble  ?   "     On the other end of the  line   ,  in the forward torpedo room of the Squalus  ,  Lt .  ( j .  g .  ) John Nichols struggled to maintain his composure  .  
  "  There was a short pause before Oliver Naquin said with quiet elation  ,   "  Hello  ,  Wilkie  .   "     But just as Wilkin started to respond  ,  the Sculpin rose high on an ocean swell and the  line  went dead  .  
 In his position  ,  I ' d have had to do the same thing  .   "     A wild laugh reached Ainslie from the other end of the  line   .   "  
 That was all she was permitted to say  .     The  line  went dead  .  
  "  You hear me  ?     Get off this  line   !  
 Don ' t call back  .     Keep this  line  open  !  
 Please  ,  please don ' t  "  Suddenly that was all  .     The  line  died  .  
  "  Hullo  ,  hullo  .     Don ' t go away  .  .  .   .     Hullo  .  .  .   .   "     The  line  was dead  .  
 She dialled the Fire Station  .     The  line  was still open there  ,  but no one answered  ,  not even the base radio officer  .  
 But by noon the voice which claimed to be Obolensky was back on the phone again  ,  this time being referred to another Dominick executive  ,  since his original contact there had gone out to lunch  .     By the time the call was switched  ,  the  line  was dead  .  
 The details came through around two in the afternoon  .     The voice which claimed to be Mr .  Szemzo seemed to be consulting at the other end of the  line  with someone at the bank  .  
  "  The quote was slightly over 550 per share  .     There was more mumbling at the other end of the  line   .  
 Several minutes went by as Miss Bailey held the phone  .     Then the voice which claimed to be Szemzo came back on the  line   .  
 At this point Jaquith was carrying on a detailed operation for the Slayton interests  .     He had a direct  line  to the Model order room  ,  set up for daily confirmations of purchases and sales  .  
 Many types of business use rented circuits to connect home office with branches  .     Certain offices at the United Nations complex in New York have direct  lines  going back to government offices in their home country  .  
 She told me how much she loved me  ,  that she was counting on me to keep the hui going no matter what  ,  and that she planned to leave a little something for you  ,  my son  ,  in her will  .     Then suddenly  ,  in the middle of a sentence  ,  the  line  went dead  .  
 One day I got a long-distance call from an affiliated station in Washington  .     The man on the other end of the  line  let ' s call him Barry Stump was the moderator of a popular panel show  .  
  "  Right up against the door on his face  ,  just like the first  .  .  .   "  Brian ' s hard young finger dialled rapidly and without error  .     Somewhere distant at the other end of the  line  a furious but controlled voice addressed him  .  
  "  He misdialled in his haste  ,  and swore  ,  and started over again  .     The sergeant ' s voice  ,  only slightly furred with sleep  ,  came over the  line   .  
 His face gave nothing away as he went to the telephone ; but certainly he went with alacrity  .   "     I know you told me to get in touch with the police  ,   "  said the creamy voice of Alix over the  line   ,  without preamble  ,   "  but I needed to confirm something with you first  .  
  "  Very odd  ,   "  agreed Alix  .     There was one instant of curious and speculative silence on the  line   .  
 Sergeant Moon had been dispatched home for a well-earned rest and a brief look at his more regular responsibilities  ,  and it was Detective Sergeant Brice who answered the telephone and handed the receiver across the table  .   "     Here ' s ballistics on the  line   ,  sir  .   "  
 That is one aspect of the Zeigarnik effect a proclivity to REMEMBER unfinished business  ,  and to forget finished business  .     You have experienced this when you have looked up a telephone number but found the  line  busy when you first called it  .  
 The whole goddamned system was breaking down  .     He redialed the Hospital Maternity Floor on a direct  line  busy too  !  
 Here he was with two phone booths and a phone to each ear the guy probably thought he was a horse player or a bookie  .     The answering service came through while the Hospital  line  was still ringing busy  .  
 I was just going to try to reach you  .     I have the husband of one of your patients on another  line   .  
 With his partner on vacation he would have to grab whoever was on the Maternity Floor and ask them to hang on until he got there  .     A voice came on the Hospital  line   ,  crisp and businesslike  .  
  "  Hello  ,  Weaver  ,   "  he said and then to put her on the defensive  ,   "  what ' s all the gabbing on the house phones  ?     I couldn ' t get an open  line  to you  .   "  
  "  Fine  ,   "  Henderson said  ,  aimiably  .   "     Can you get him on the  line   ?  
 He heaved himself to his feet and sat down at the desk  ,  making the long distance call to the Wisconsin hospital ' s emergency room  .     The resident who was taking care of Mrs .  Cochran was quickly on the  line   .  
 Cheerful  .     Here  ,  I ' ve got her on the  line  for you now  .  
 Keeping low by crawling across the kitchen floor  ,  he reached up for the wall phone  ,  placed it to his ear and heard nothing  .     The  line  was dead  .  
 I was sound asleep  .     I certainly haven ' t been getting any calls and just now when I grabbed the phone to call you  ,  the  line  was dead  .  
 He hurried into the bedroom  ,  putting the gun back in its secret hiding place and snatching up shoes  ,  socks  ,  shirt  ,  and slacks  .     Back in the kitchen he took the wall phone and dialed the emergency room at the Hospital on a direct  line   .  
  "  I ' ve got a call for you from Dr .  Laden  .     He ' s on the  line   .  
 There goes her goddamned placenta  !   "     Have you still got her husband on the other  line   ?   "  he asked  .  
 I may need you  .   "     Bill Sinclair came on the  line   .  
 Ruth Sinclair ' s sister was calling  .     When he tried to return the telephone call  ,  the  line  was busy and rather than waste any time he had driven right over to the house  .  
 He got up and headed out through the swinging doors  .     His answering service was on the  line   ,  holding a call from Bill Sinclair  .  
  "  Oh  ,  my  ,   "  I said in an apologetic voice  ,   "  I didn ' t get you out of bed  ,  did I  ?   "     There was a moment of silence on the other end of the  line   ,  and then with a wistful little sigh she replied  ,   "  No .  But I wish you had  .   "  
 Mrs .  Barbara Agte  ,  Allison ' s closest friend on the faculty  ,  says  ,   "  No one felt responsibility for informing the parents of the dead students  .     The Krauses tried to telephone Kent  ,  but all  lines  were out  .  
 Telex Computer Products  ,  Tulsa  ,  Okla  .     For information : Circle 375 on Reader Card The model 185 terminal allows a user to process unjustified paper tape from a remote site using either dial-up or dedicated  lines   .  
 A seemingly minor semantic dispute has given on- line  dp users and suppliers a good chance of winning a major victory against Ma Bell  .     If they win  ,  the FCC will take jurisdiction over  "  information system access lines  "  that cross state borders  .  
 The hope is that if FCC takes over  ,  ISAL rates will be reduced or abolished  .     The semantic dispute began last spring  ,  when the commission asked Ma Bell why it had filed interstate tariffs to cover only a portion of Type 2006 foreign exchange service the portion represented by the foreign exchange  line   .  
 Last September  ,  AT&T was told to file tariffs with the commission covering  "  the complete interstate foreign exchange service  .   "     It will be some time before these rates are filed  ,  says an FCC official  ,  because the ruling affects literally thousands of foreign exchange  lines   .  
 The latest frontal assault concerns the IBM 2701/2/3 data adapter / telecommunications controller  ,  which this vendor feels can be very nicely removed and replaced by the IDS-64/360  .     A MAC-16 mini is used to control from 1 to 256 synchronous or asynchronous  lines   .  
 Paul had brought the fig tree from north Florida and Honor always thought of the one Jesus cursed when she looked at it  ,  because it remained barren in spite of Paul ' s careful tending  .     When she had finished the dishes Honor called Ann Luise and knew at once from the glum tone at the other end of the  line  that Ann Luise ' s parents had gone out and left her to baby-sit  .  
 The noise damper on my air-conditioner has blown through the roof  .   "   "  Oh  ,  hell  ,   "  a tired voice said at the other end of the  line   .  
 I telephoned the office and had them connect me with Bertha Cool  .   "     Donald  ,  Bertha  ,   "  I said  ,  when I heard her voice on the  line   .  
  "  Just a second  .   "     Sellers came on the  line   .  
 Now what are you going to do  ?   "     I picked up the phone  ,  asked for an outside  line   ,  dialed Homicide  ,  and got Frank Sellers  .   "  
 I walked past him out of the office  ,  on into my own office and called Sacramento  .     I got Lucille Patton on the  line   .  
 As might happen in a real shoot  ,  the countdown was interrupted several times because of problems  ,  and it was soon determined that a key radar station on Wake Island in the Pacific Ocean was not operating properly  .     A  line  check was made and the malfunction traced to a switching center in Hawaii  .  
 We ' ve put an automatic tracer on the phone which feeds our equipment  .     If he calls  ,  the number he called from is automatically locked in and fed to us and we don ' t have to go through all that two-phone jazz  ,  keeping him on the  line   .  
  "  Okay  ,  do that  ,   "  I said  .     Elsie picked up the telephone  ,  punched the button for Bertha ' s  line   ,  waited a moment  ,  then said  ,   "  Mr .  Lam just came in  ,  Mrs .  Cool  .  
  "  The woman would simply ask to be connected with my office  .     You ' d talk with her and she would tell you what she wanted to see me about so then I ' d get on the  line   .  
 Leave them to me  .     I ' ll talk long enough to keep the  line  busy for the proper interval  .  
 The switchboard operator said  ,   "  I ' ll connect you with his secretary  .   "     A moment later Elsie was on the  line   .  
 Publicity was siren music to the ears of the stripper  ,  and she quit pulling the zipper to listen  .     When I had Colley on the  line   ,  I said  ,   "  Okay  ,  Colley  ,  your idea worked  .   "  
 Sex  ,  seduction and sure-fire story stuff  .     Get the hell off the  line  so I can start calling the newspapers  !  
 I grinned and said  ,   "  Back to your crime clippings  ,  Sister  .     Bertha Cool will be in directly  ,  and I ' ve got to get an attorney on the  line  and get Irene Addis to file a petition for the probate of the last will and testament of Herbert Jason Dowling  .  
 Basically  ,  this is because the noise is eliminated in the process of converting the signal into light pulses  .     The result is that noise generated at the sending end isn ' t transmitted  ,  and there is no  "   line  noise  "  as such  .  
 Mark Computer Systems  ,  Inc .   ,  Plainview  ,  N . Y .  For information : Circle 309 on Reader Card CIP ( Communications Interface Processor ) is a turnkey system that enables multiplexing of low speed terminals directly into 360 computers without software modification  .     Consisting of processor  ,  ROM for multiplexing / demultiplexing and OS compatibility  ,  360 interface hardware  ,  and  line  adapters  ,  CIP takes care of code conversion  ,  network maintenance and monitoring  .     The system supports up to 12 multiplexors over full duplex  ,  voice grade lines ( 1200  ,  2400 or 4800 baud ) and up to 176 low speed ( 600 baud ) lines  .     The ceiling on the low speed lines is determined by the number of channels addressable by the 360 systems  .  
 He closed his eyes and tried to make his mind a blank  ,  and he had almost dropped off to sleep when the telephone rang  ,  sending a jolt through him like an electric charge  .     He picked it up and said  ,   "  Hello  ,   "  and immediately wished he hadn ' t  ,  because it was Selden Fulton at the other end of the  line   .  
 Standish took the emended proof sheet and left  ,  and Goodman picked up the phone and dialed his home number  .     The  line  was busy  ,  so he hung up  ,  and almost immediately his phone rang  .  
 And don ' t phone me  .     If he finds the  line  busy  ,  he might decide Just promise me you won ' t talk to that agent  ,  or the police  ,  or anyone  .   "  
 Thanks  ,  anyway  .   "     The transatlantic  line  died  .  
 Takada seemed pleased  .     Once  ,  the voice at the other end of the  line  was that of Pete Russo  ,  who wanted to know if he could borrow a left-handed toggle switch  .  
  "  Ross  ,  you bastard  ,  is this your idea of a joke  ?   "     On the other end of the  line   ,  safe by half an island  ,  Stuie Ross beamed  .  
  "  Wrong telephone  ,   "  she said  .   "     That ' s the outside  line   .  
  "  Household scandal  .     That awful sanctimonious Gamboni  ,  our butler  ,  was on the  line   ,  making a call from Paul ' s room  ,  which he has no right to do anyway  .  
 There was a tiny hesitation  ,  and then Emmy said  ,  with curious emphasis  ,   "  I ' m all right  .     It ' s you that  .  .  .   "  There was a click  ,  and the  line  went dead  .  
  "  When John came out of Natasha ' s room and ran into Paul and myself  ,   "  he went on  ,   "  he was embarrassed not to see Paul  ,  who understood the situation perfectly  ,  but to see me  .     For my benefit  ,  he made up a ridiculously lame excuse ; that he had been trying to telephone from Natasha ' s room  ,  but that the  line  was engaged  .  
 She asked him  ,   "  Was I very bad  ,  darling  ?   "     Without answering her  ,  he picked up the telephone and told the operator to try him on that  line  if he could not be found elsewhere  .  
 I walked straight into the telephone booth and asked for Merlin ' s office number  .     Would his  line  be tapped  ?  
 I gave my name as Caneton  .     Merlin came on the  line   ,  first as a distant voice saying apologetically :  "   .  .  .  m ' excuse  ,  Inspecteur  .   "  
 I thought  "  I took a couple of quick steps and picked up the phone  .   "     Qui est  "  But the  line  was dead by now  .  
  "  One of them ' s pretty  .   "     There was a crackle on the  line  that might have been his aged chuckle  .  
 The dialer sets off a series of impulses that race electronically toward any given number  .     Once the phone is answered  ,  the apparatus locks and an experienced technician  ,  knowing where to look  ,  can figure out where the call originates  ,  but only so long as the caller remains on the  line   .  
 In the Mackle game room 669 miles south of Atlanta  ,  Agent Lee Kusch impatiently picked up the telephone  .   "     Get off the  line   ,  please  ,   "  he began  ,  then stopped in mid-sentence  .  
  "  And now something that is a part of all of our lives  .  .  .  a message from the sponsor  ,   "  Kupcinet said to the camera  .     He smiled until the red light went out  ,  then immediately turned and picked up a telephone with  "  Kup  "  printed on the dial  ,  his  line  to the control booth  .  
 I was beginning to get the distinct impression that Brother Allen did not like me  .     Then he bustled out of the box  ,  jerked his head over his shoulder at the phone and said :  "  My business manager is on the  line   .  
  "  That was the last time Bell ever talked on the phone  .     He couldn ' t get his wife off the  line   .  
 I found out it was me  .     Both Jeanette and I assumed he was there to test the  line  or change the dial  .  
 I forgot about transcontinental phone calls  .     My wife spent so much time calling her mother and sister that the State Department used to break in and ask her to get off the  line   .  
  "  I ' ll tell you what  ,   "  she volunteered  .   "     We ' ll put a test on your  line   ,  and I ' ll let you know what happens  .   "  
 Put him on  .   "     At this point I hear all sorts of garbled commotion at the other end of the  line   .  
  "  Yeah  .   "     There was another very long pause with dead air on the  line  between them  .  
 I crumpled the note and tossed it on the bed  ,  then snatched up the phone again  .   "     Get off the  line   ,  Jim  .  
 I ' ve got to call the airport  .   "   "  Get off the  line   ?   "  he said  .  
  "  I ' ll be by your place in a few minutes to pick it up  .     Now get off the  line  so I can see if I ' m too late to hold the plane  .  
 Don ' t even put that phone down  .     Keep this  line  open and stick that phone in General Cooper ' s face the instant he comes through that door  .  
 Just a moment  .     Bob Vincent of the FBI ' S coming on the other  line   .  
 I want to talk directly with my crews  .   "   "  Can we keep an open  line  with you  ?   "  
 Only three chutes  .     Someone forgot he was on open radio  line  and swore viciously  .  
 He ' s got the word  .     We ' re keeping an open  line  to his office  .  
  "  Yes  .   "   "  If you still have that open  line  to the White House you ' d better notify the President of the situation  .   "  
  "  Sheridan tossed the telephone to Vincent and turned to his aide  .   "     Is that  line  open to the Pentagon  ?  
 He says that some of his best tips have come from the least likely sources (  "  people with their offices in their hats  ,   "  he calls them ) and he never refuses to talk to strangers who visit his office or telephone him  .   "     You never know when Santa Claus might be on the other end of the  line   ,   "  Fuqua remarks  .  
 The telephone rings  .     Ah  ,  it is one of our happy customers about to come on the  line   ,  no doubt wanting to express his satisfaction with some handsome Masonite product that he has installed  .  
 He would still have liked to use Charles Russell but he didn ' t think Russell would change his mind  .     So he picked up a phone whose  line  was secure and he rang to what Russell had once commanded  .  
 Most of the public telephones were already tied up by correspondents  .     Somebody was fighting with the house phone  ,  under the impression that it was an outside  line   ,  and so Brad took the elevator up to his room and put in a call to Rhona ' s suite  .  
 He picked up the telephone  .   "     This is Eddie  ,   "  he said  ,  when Foley came on the  line   .  
 Earlier that same morning Mahler had been awakened by the inexorable telephone  .     Landowski was on the  line   .  
 He turned away and asked for a telephone number  .     Jane Gates was instantly on the  line   .  
  "  Yes  ,  Doctor  ?   "     The  line  went silent  .  
 Staff people passed the open door  ,  waved good night  ,  and went on  .     Finally a cautious syrupy voice got on the  line   .  
  "  Wait a minute  ,   "  O ' Dwyer said  .     Sarah got on the  line  at once  .  
 I screamed  ,   "  My God  ,  she ' s been burned  ,   "  and ran half-dressed and half-crazy to the phone downstairs  .     Picking up the receiver  ,  I heard two Farsi voices chatting and I screamed for them to get off the  line  immediately  .  
 But now  ,  when I needed them  ,  the words were coming  .     It seemed like hours before I could reach Bob on the crackling  ,  scratchy  line   .  
  "  For now  ,  we ' ll concentrate on the system  .     Some of the major data banks  ,  like the ones held by Defense  ,  may have five hundred or a thousand access  lines   .  
 Some of the major data banks  ,  like the ones held by Defense  ,  may have five hundred or a thousand access  lines   .     A year ago  ,  Wilkens ' s congressional committee started to worry about unauthorized tapping into those access lines  .  
  "  Pete  ,  just tell me what it means  .   "   "  Jesus  ,  this is an open  line   .   "   "  I know it ' s an open line  .  
  "  I haven ' t got time  .   "   "  You ' re asking me on an open  line  to define a hot new weapons system and break its code and you haven ' t got  "  
  "  Yes we did  ,  and now somebody ' s got themselves a half-ton of ZV gas in binary aerosol cylinders  ,  and we want to know who  .   "   "  You certainly ought to be concerned  ,   "  Graves said  ,   "  but this is an open  line   .   "  
 When he reached the station the one-and-only taxi was off on a long trip  .     He tried to phone Fenella but the  line  was out of order  ,  so naturally he put a call through to us and Olive took it  .  
 These proteins bind tightly to specific molecules ,  offering the prospect of such applications as the diagnosis and treatment of cancer and the separation and purification of materials .     In addition ,  Mr .  Frashier will push for development of a  line  of protein-based adhesive and coating products .  
 William Gates ,  founder and chairman of Microsoft Corp .  ,  became the personal computer industry ' s first billion-dollar man yesterday .         The 31-year-old Harvard University dropout holds 11 , 018 , 955 shares ,  or about a 42% stake in Microsoft ,  which supplies ,  among other things ,  the internal program that controls the basic functions of International Business Machines Inc .  ' s PC  line  of personal computers and compatible machines .  
 Terms weren ' t disclosed ,  but industry sources said the price was about $2 . 5 million .         The sale includes the rights to Germaine Monteil in North and South America and in the Far East ,  as well as the worldwide rights to the Diane Von Furstenberg cosmetics and fragrance  lines  and U . S .  distribution rights to Lancaster beauty products .  
 AMC executives have said they are frustrated about the timing of the bid ,  contending AMC was just about to turn the corner after a string of troubled years .     The company ' s Jeep sales are strong and AMC is just now introducing  lines  of larger Renault cars that could finally give it a position in a broader segment of the auto market -- but only if currently skeptical buyers start returning to AMC ' s showrooms .  
 Separately ,  James E .  Edwards ,  an AT&T senior vice president who preceded Mr .  Cassoni as head of the computer division ,  said he is leaving the company ,  effective Monday .         According to managers in the computer ,  or Data Systems ,  division ,  AT&T will announce new products that include an addition to its 3B minicomputer  line  ,  software products to connect its machines to those of International Business Machines Corp .  ,  a laser printer ,  the latest version of the Unix V operating system software and some local area network products .  
 Several Data Systems executives have quit recently .     John Walsh ,  a vice president in charge of the 3B minicomputer  line  ,  surprised colleagues in January when he left to join a small West Coast videoconferencing concern .  
 Faced with the innovative competition and an overall flat market since 1984 ,  Nelson ,  the biggest U . S .  religious publisher ,  lost market share and now is trying to recover ground .     Its  " Precious Moments Bible ,  "  illustrated with a popular  line  of cherubic children ' s characters ,  has sold more than a million copies in about a year .  
   RJR Nabisco Inc .  said it expects to retain at least 95% ownership of its tobacco business if it decides to spin off the  line  in a master limited partnership .  
 LTV has had $4 . 69 billion in losses over the past five years ,  mostly from its beleaguered steel unit ,  the nation ' s second largest .     LTV plans to reorganize around its aerospace and defense unit ,  its only profitable  line  ,  which accounted for almost two-thirds of LTV ' s 1986 operating profit of $171 . 9 million .  
 Not according to James Uffelman ,  a 43-year-old computer specialist with a theory about corporate succession .         Mr .  Uffelman established his theory while developing a  line  of birthday cards that list birth dates of famous people .  
 Howell Book House Inc .  of New York has been successfully publishing books about dogs for 26 years .     Its mainstay is a  line  of 60 books ,  each devoted to a different breed .  
  " With a broad  line  of products directed at kids ,  children and teen-agers ,  it will get us away from a lot of the volatility in this (toy) business .  "         Worlds of Wonder ' s Teddy Ruxpin animated-bear line of toys was the industry ' s largest seller in 1985 and its Lazer Tag game was No .  1 last year ,  the executives said .  
 Mr .  Stein estimated that during the company ' s next fiscal year ,  its toy business will account for 75% to 80% of sales ,  school accessories 5% to 10% and consumer electronics 10% to 20% .         Among the new products in the school-accessories segment is a  line  called Class Act .  
 In a telegram to 5 , 500 banks that issue Visa cards ,  Charles T .  Russell ,  Visa USA president ,  warned ,   " This move is an attempt by American Express to further its presence in the retail banking market by acquiring additional relationship(s) with your better customers .  "     He suggested that bankers call James D .  Robinson III ,  chairman of American Express ,  to  " voice your displeasure over his decision to enter one of your most profitable  lines  of service .  "  
 But the move may also reflect an effort to subcontract work to outside vendors as part of a broader strategy designed in part to trim costs .     The No .  1 auto maker in recent months has been shedding some small operations and has joined in joint ventures to make and market such products as its heavy truck  line  .  
 Gynex Inc .  said two generic oral contraceptives developed by Gynex Laboratories Inc .  are being recalled by the distributor ,  G . D .  Searle & Co .  ,  a unit of Monsanto Co .  ,  St .  Louis .         Gynex Inc .  ,  which develops gynecologic and reproductive pharmaceutical products ,  said the recall is being conducted as a preventive measure because a limited number of packages of the Gynex  line  of contraceptives may be missing tablets or contain some that are out of sequence .  
 Chrysler Corp .  also is offering financing incentives and rebates that don ' t have an expiration date .         A Ford analyst said another reason for offering the incentives on Taurus and Sable is to keep sales balanced across car  lines  .  
   Bayly Corp .  said it acquired a 55% stake in Chutes Corp .  ,  which designs and markets the  " Code Bleu "   line  of denim sportswear .  
 Bayly ,  which manufactures jeans and leisure wear ,  said it purchased the shares from two outside investors for an undisclosed cash payment at closing and an additional undisclosed sum to be paid over a three-year period .         Bayly has had a licensing agreement with closely held ,  Seattle-based Chutes for the  " Code Bleu "   line  since June 1984 .  
 The fibers segment ,  which earned $542 million last year ,  has been experiencing annual productivity gains of 7% .     Response has been strong to a new  line  of stain-resistant carpet material and Kevlar ,  a steel-like fiber used in such items as clothing ,  bulletproof vests and helmets .  
 International Business Machines Corp .  and the personal computer industry are approaching an important crossroads .         Next month ,  the computer giant is widely expected to unveil a new  line  of PCs that will diverge from the industry standard .  
 The new products will present a painful choice for other computer makers ,  software companies and customers ,  who will have to decide whether to stick with the existing standard ,  which was itself developed by IBM ,  or to follow Big Blue into new territory .         The new  line  will be IBM ' s shot at reasserting its leadership in the personal computer market .  
   IBM is expected to unveil a much different  line  of PCs next month in a risky bid to reclaim market share .  
 This year was to have been the watershed in that effort ,  in AMC ' s view .     AMC dealers finally will get a wider  line  of cars to sell ,  and the company just began production of Chrysler ' s M-body cars on a contract basis at AMC ' s Kenosha ,  Wis .  ,  plant .  
 Ross ,  which plans to close 25 of its 146 stores ,  said it expects to report a net loss of about $34 million for the fourth quarter and a net loss for fiscal 1987 of about $42 million .     The losses result in large part from a fourth-quarter pre-tax charge of about $40 million to cover the store closings and the discontinuation of some poorly performing merchandise  lines  .  
 One major hurdle remained ,  according to Mr .  Bidwell ,  who spent 27 years at Ford and was Hertz Corp .  president and chief operating officer before joining Chrysler in 1983 .     Chrysler and Renault couldn ' t agree on a value for the stake in AMC ,  particularly with AMC just about to start selling new  lines  of Renault cars .  
 Sears became the top retailer by catering to young families with a phalanx of new suburban stores and sturdy ,  no-nonsense merchandise .     The range of acceptable tastes in the late 1950s was so narrow ,  in fact ,  that Hart Schaffner & Marx prospered in men ' s tailored clothing despite offering only three styles of suits in its best  lines  .  
 Coca-Cola has gone from a single product to what its maker now calls an  " umbrella brand ,  "  with permutations that include Coca-Cola Classic and Diet Cherry Coke ,  each aimed at a different type of consumer .     Hartmarx has expanded the three basic suit styles in its Hart Schaffner & Marx  line  to 15 .  
  " There ' s nothing (really good that ' s) American ,  "  says Alex Gonzalez ,  an assistant manager ,  after listing the virtues of an expensive German brand .     Of the store ' s best American  line  ,  he says sadly ,   " The steel is good ,  but there ' s a problem with the handle .  
 Two events ,  however ,  would help boost the struggling company .     In 1970 ,  AMC bought its Jeep  line  from Kaiser Industries -- a business that boomed .  
 S&P said Chrysler was  " receiving a business with questionable prospects .  "         Analysts said the most valuable part of the acquisition is AMC ' s Jeep  line  ,  which served the Army during World War II and which the company acquired in 1970 .  
 Once the acquisition is completed ,  the real work would begin .     While Chrysler would get at least two acknowledged jewels in the transaction -- the popular and profitable Jeep  line  of utility vehicles ,  and a new $675 million state-of-the-art assembly plant in Bramalea ,  Ontario -- it also would have to contend with some problems .  
 Reebok said the acquisition would position it for further growth in the expanding athletic and casual-shoe market .     In addition to its  lines  of athletic footwear -- from aerobic shoes to volleyball shoes -- Avia makes walking shoes ,  casual footwear and hiking boots .  
 But plenty of L . A .  ' s budding restaurateurs are showing less restraint .     Don Taco ,  home of the pastrami rice bowl ,  now features a full  line  of Chinese burritos ,  while one of the Don ' s principal rivals ,  the Oki Dog ,  offers the Oki Dog ,  a chili-doused and tortilla-wrapped frankfurter .  
  " But smaller goods are strong .  "     New York-based Penney said apparel and soft home furnishings were its fastest-growing  lines  last month and contributed to a 5 . 5% rise in February sales for stores open more than one year .  
 The company ,  which had said it would install driver-side air bags on Oldsmobile Delta 88 models as optional equipment in the 1988-model year ,  said it would install the safety devices on additional models in future years .         The No .  1 auto maker said an estimated 500 , 000 air bags will be installed during 1990 on selected car  lines  .  
 Tonka said the proposed acquisition is part of its strategy to expand its base of toys that don ' t swing wildly with fads .     Tonka said Ertl will double Tonka ' s revenue from its most stable toy  line  ,  Tonka trucks .  
 Mr .  Instone said the company has an order backlog valued at  " about $16 . 6 million ,  up from $12 . 1 million at this time last year .  "     Initial response has been strong for a new  line  of uninterruptible power supplies designed for sophisticated electronic equipment ,  he said .  
 He added that customer reaction to the company ' s I . O . U .  brand of sportswear ,  introduced in the fall of 1985 and promoted heavily last year ,  also was  " excellent "  in the second half .     The  line  ,  aimed at young men and women ,  produces higher profit margins than other name-brand clothes ,  he said .  
 The  line  ,  aimed at young men and women ,  produces higher profit margins than other name-brand clothes ,  he said .         Mr .  Sullivan also said the line illustrates a change over the past year in the company ' s merchandising strategy .  
 The company ,  which boosted the number of stores to 388 from 334 in the fiscal year just ended ,  said it expects to open another 40 to 50 in the current year .     By fall ,  it also hopes to expand its I . O . U .   line  to represent between 25% and 30% of the merchandise sold in the two divisions that carry it .  
 The younger Mr .  Noland ,  43 years old ,  is currently a vice president and manager of merchandising for plumbing and heating products .     Those  lines  last year accounted for 62% of the wholesale distributor ' s $426 . 5 million of sales .  
 And it seems to be succeeding .     In Miss Kamali ' s case ,  the disruption of her homework operation prompted her to suspend her wholesale operation and cancel her spring  line  of clothes .  
 Mr .  Wolfer said the company ' s 10 stores that sell children ' s clothing exclusively have remained profitable ,  but the 25 stores that sell both women ' s and children ' s clothing have  " performed poorly .  "     He added that the company has probably been attempting to offer too wide a choice of sizes and styles ,  and plans to eliminate petite and large sizes from its women ' s  line  .  
 Terms weren ' t disclosed .         The toy maker said that under the agreement ,  it gains the Australian and New Zealand marketing rights to several toy  lines  jointly developed by Tonka and Bandai and already sold in the U . S .  
   Digital Equipment Corp .  introduced three midrange computers in its VAX  line  ,  indicating that the company is moving to limit possible inroads by International Business Machines Corp .  
   American Motors dropped plans to build a new  line  of Jeeps at its Kenosha ,  Wis .  ,  plant ,  citing an impasse with the UAW union .  
   American Motors Corp .  ,  citing an impasse with the United Auto Workers union ,  said it decided against building a new  line  of Jeep vehicles at the company ' s Kenosha ,  Wis .  ,  plant and that the vehicles will be made at another site .  
 Fruit of the Loom ,  which was Farley Apparel Inc .  until being renamed last month ,  will offer today 27 million common shares at $9 apiece .     The renamed offering doesn ' t include the Farley  lines  of Acme and Dingo boots .     Originally part of the offering ,  the lines will remain part of Mr .  Farley ' s huge privately held conglomerate .  
 Originally part of the offering ,  the  lines  will remain part of Mr .  Farley ' s huge privately held conglomerate .     The boot lines contributed less than 5% of pretax profit of the Farley apparel operations .  
   Digital Equipment unveiled three midrange computers in its VAX  line  ,  indicating the company is moving to limit possible inroads by IBM .  
 He was known for a reserved personal style but for incisive strategic thinking .     In his tenure ,  RJR divested non-consumer businesses like shipping and oil and increasingly branched out from tobacco into food and soft-drink  lines  .  
 The United Auto Workers said it will resume bargaining with American Motors Corp .  over contract concessions at the auto maker ' s Kenosha ,  Wis .  ,  plant .         The talks broke off last Friday and AMC had said that ,  because of the impasse ,  it decided against building a new  line  of Jeep vehicles at the plant .  
   Wang Laboratories Inc .  introduced a replacement for its 2200 series of small business computers that will continue the 15-year-old  line  .  
 The Wang CS computer will run the same software as the 70 , 000 Wang 2200 series computers already installed .     Some Wang users had worried that the company might stop making the  line  as it concentrates on selling office automation products to large and medium-sized organizations .  
 Under the agreement ,  LyphoMed said it will sell Novopharm ' s oral-pharmaceutical drugs in the U . S .  and closely held Novopharm will sell LyphoMed ' s injectable-pharmaceutical drugs in Canada .         LyphoMed said the agreement puts it into the hospital and retail oral-pharmaceutical market ,  and will strengthen its position in the Canadian hospital market through its  line  of injectable products .  
 After more than a decade of dominating the market for the fastest and most powerful computers ,  Cray Research Inc .  of Minneapolis now faces a new domestic challenger: ETA Systems Inc .         In late December ,  ETA ,  89% owned by Control Data Corp .  ,  shipped its first supercomputer ,  boasting that its new  line  would run faster than the fastest Cray computer .  
 Todd said it appointed Brown Brothers Harriman & Co .  to investigate alternatives ,  including the sale of assets ,   " a combination of Todd with another firm ,  "  and the renegotiation or refinancing of portions of the company ' s debt .         The company also said the loss of the contract to build a new  line  of DDG-51 guided missile destroyers may have  " a material adverse effect "  on the company .  
   Moog Inc .  said it agreed in principle to sell its Carleton  line  of precision pneumatic components for $30 million to FR Group PLC of Britain .  
 Mr .  Gibbons couldn ' t be reached for comment .         The new  line  is drawing less-than-radiant reviews in some quarters .  
 Bargain hunters will face some dilemmas ,  however ,  and not all prices are falling .     Some of the deepest cuts are for older IBM clones ,  but some of those machines won ' t be powerful enough to run the new industry-standard software being planned for IBM ' s new Personal Service/2  line  .  
 J .  Kendrick Noble Jr .  ,  analyst with PaineWebber Inc .  ,  notes that map companies have become more aggressive in marketing their products as premiums since the mid-1970s ,  when oil companies ,  one of the industry ' s largest clients ,  stopped giving away road map atlases to attract customers .         To enhance its quality image ,  Hammond also revamped its well-known trade  line  of world atlases ,  replacing the old cloth covered book with a leather bound ,  gilded ,  thumb-indexed edition .  
   Quaker Oats Co .  ,  in a move to reduce its swollen debt load ,  agreed to sell several recently acquired food  lines  to Kraft Inc .  for $235 million .  
 Quaker Oats Co .  ,  in a move to reduce its swollen debt load ,  agreed to sell several recently acquired food  lines  to Kraft Inc .  for $235 million .         The businesses planned for sale ,  including such lines as Seven Seas salad dressings and Chiffon margarine ,  were all acquired last September when Quaker paid $805 million for Anderson ,  Clayton & Co .  ,  Houston .  
 As previously reported ,  Quaker wants to sell everything it acquired in that transaction except the Gaines pet food unit .         For Glenview ,  Ill . -based Kraft ,  the new  lines  will boost its market share on several supermarket shelves it already dominates .  
 In 1986 ,  Quaker earned $88 . 1 million ,  including $58 million from discontinued operations ,  on sales of $1 . 08 billion .     The acquisition will allow Kraft to use its existing sales force and distributors for the new  lines ; it may also allow certain plant consolidations .  
 Analysts estimate that the non-food businesses could fetch $200 million ,  thus further reducing Quaker ' s debt and positioning it to pursue its stated strategy of more acquisitions .     Mr .  Smithburg has said he is targeting grocery products with leading market share and toy  lines  that would fit into Quaker ' s Fisher-Price toy and children ' s furnishings unit .  
 Moreover ,  as Apple moves its product  line  into the more expensive and sophisticated markets for engineering workstations ,  professional publishing systems and serious business management applications ,  the company ' s retail dealer network will have to find ways of selling computer systems that are better suited to those more sophisticated markets .          " What was the top of our line of business computers last week is now the bottom of our line ,  "  said John Sculley ,  Apple ' s chairman and chief executive officer .  
 A week ago ,  Ross said it expected to report a net loss of about $42 million for the fiscal year ended Feb .  1 .     The expected loss results ,  in large part ,  from a fourth-period pre-tax charge of about $40 million to cover the closings of 25 stores and discontinuation of some poorly performing merchandise  lines  .  
 She is a spokeswoman for Spring Air mattresses ,  has done ads for McDonald ' s ,  Buf-Puf and Nestle ' s ,  and just signed a contract with Licensing Corp .  of America .      " Right now we ' re looking at a dress  line  ,  "  says Mr .  Manzella ,  who claims that other offers have come in from Polaroid ,  Kodak ,  Saran Wrap ,  Chemical Bank and Hostess Twinkies .  
  " We ' re expecting his addition to be very positive in devising new strategies .  "         Founded in 1964 ,  the company bought Matchbox wheeled toys ,  a 33-year-old  line  ,  in 1982 .  
 Universal Matchbox has a need for my talents perhaps more than Mattel does now .  "         Mr .  Forcelledo expects Mr .  Kalinske ' s experience to move the company into more toys for girls ,  from its current focus on die-cast toys and boys '   lines  .  
 If the world-market price falls below that level (it is now seven cents) ,  quotas for imported sugar are reduced until domestic prices reach 18 cents a pound .     This tactic means there is no  line  item in the budget labeled  " Sugar Giveaway ,  "  but that the average family of four must spend an extra $100 a year in higher prices for such staples as sugar ,  peanut butter ,  ketchup ,  salad dressing and cereal .  
 Prices range from $1 , 954 for a personal computer based on Intel ' s 80286 microprocessor to $8 , 653 for one based on the 386 chip .         By announcing the  line  only two months after International Business Machines Corp .  unveiled its own new family of personal computers ,  NCR is attempting to sway potential IBM corporate customers to buy NCR machines ,  three of which compete directly with the IBM computers .  
 Moreover ,  the high-performance operating system ,  called OS/2 ,  that can tap the full power of the new machines won ' t be available until at least 1988 .         Vernon Yates ,  a vice president of NCR and general manager of the personal computer division ,  acknowledged that the company is making the early announcement of the  line  in response to IBM ' s new machines .  
 He said the company ' s weakened financial condition would make it impossible for the concern to bear certain start-up and other costs without help from the Navy .         The contract is to build a new  line  of the Navy ' s DDG-51 class destroyer .  
   NCR Corp .  ,  as expected ,  unveiled here a  line  of personal computers ,  including one based on Intel Corp .  ' s powerful 80386 microprocessor .  
 And at American Can in the early 1980s ,  Mr .  Tsai ' s enthusiasm for financial services found a receptive audience .     In particular ,  William Woodside ,  then chairman of American Can ,  embraced Mr .  Tsai ' s ideas for pushing into insurance ,  mutual funds and other financial areas ,  while shedding the company ' s traditional ,  slow-growth manufacturing  lines  .  
 Greyhound Corp .  ,  looking skyward for business to replace the bus  line  it recently sold ,  agreed to acquire Carson Pirie Scott & Co .  ' s in-flight catering and airport-terminal concession operations for $326 million .         Announcement of the proposed purchase of the Dobbs House airport restaurants and other food-service lines of Chicago-based Carson Pirie came as speculation increased that Minneapolis investor Irwin Jacobs was acquiring Greyhound shares .  
  " We ' re going to sit and digest this one ,  and we ' ll look at it maybe a year from now ,  "  he said .     The company also remains interested in acquisitions of consumer-product operations that would fit with its Purex and Dial  lines  --  " anything that ' s not perishable and can sit on a grocery shelf ,  "  he said .  
   Quaker Oats agreed to sell several recently acquired food  lines  to Kraft for $235 million .  
 Zayre Corp .  ,  whose earnings and stock value have been held down by its discount store operations ,  plans to sell a portion of its specialty stores to the public .         Analysts said the move will raise cash for the Framingham ,  Mass . -based retailer and boost its stock value by highlighting the success of its off-price specialty retail  lines  .  
 He usually does what he sets out to do ,  "  says Stephen Carnes ,  an analyst at Piper Jaffray & Hopwood Inc .         On Wednesday ,  Beatrice filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for an initial public offering of its remaining non-food businesses and some of its smaller specialty-food  lines  .  
 But he said he is  " concerned "  that the food businesses '  earnings ,  which lag the industry ' s leading performers ,  could cool investor reaction to such a large offering .     Beatrice ' s domestic  lines  ,  including Hunt ' s tomato products and Wesson cooking oils ,  had pre-tax profit of $448 million on sales of $4 . 82 billion in the fiscal year ended Feb .  28 .  
 An industry source close to Beatrice says several companies have expressed interest in the food businesses .     That source said that such a sale ,  if it occurs ,  would follow the E-II offering and the likely disposition of the international food  lines  .  
 A source close to Burlington said that half of Burlington ' s divisions have been breaking even or posting losses and would be ripe candidates for divestiture ,  while  " the other half were cash cows .  "         About 55% of Burlington ' s fiscal 1986 sales of $2 . 78 billion were in apparel fabrics ,  some  lines  of which have been hit hard by import competition .  
  " Guys running plants shouldn ' t be handicapped against guys selling bonds ,  "  he said .         In addition ,  Mr .  Peltz said he and Mr .  May have been doing more of the type of acquisition and corporate finance work that investment bankers do than the work of  line  industrial managers .  
 Mr .  Jacobs recently opened a restaurant overlooking a boat dealership he owns on the shores of Lake Minnetonka here .     Tables at the snazzy New York-style deli and grill ,  called Sasha ' s ,  are carefully arranged: No matter which way customers turn ,  their gaze falls upon the dealership ' s  line  of sleek Wellcraft powerboats .  
 But the once-ubiquitous preppy emblem is slowly reappearing in stores that shunned the sportswear brand after sales plummeted in 1984 and they got stuck with bloated inventories .          " A lot of exclusive department stores dropped most of the Izod  line  when it became overexposed and the quality slipped ,  "  says Marvin Lord ,  president of the youthwear division at Crystal Brands Inc .  ,  the marketer of Izod Lacoste apparel .  
 Crystal Brands '  recent consumer research found mostly favorable reaction to the alligator ,  but the company has decided not to plaster it on everything in sight .     It ' s especially scarce in the women ' s  line  where fashionability is far more important than a logo .  
 Instead of the traditional sewn-on patch ,  it is screen-printed and embroidered on some shirts .     In the boys '   line  ,  a new sweater is emblazoned with a fancy crest showing the alligator on a shield with French and American flags .  
 As reported ,  Mattel said sales from overseas operations ,  under Mr .  Amerman ' s control ,  rose 47% in 1986 .         Mr .  Kalinske had headed Mattel ' s domestic operations ,  which the company said suffered in 1986 because of lower demand for its Masters of the Universe  line  of toys .  
   Digital Equipment Corp .  and Cray Research Inc .  ,  two leading makers of computers for scientists and researchers ,  are developing methods of speeding communications between their computer  lines  .  
 Indeed ,  while Cray ' s spokesman wouldn ' t say whether such discussions are under way ,  he noted that between 40% and 50% of Cray ' s supercomputers are connected with International Business Machines Corp .  computers ,   " so it makes an awful lot of sense for us to do everything we can to improve the performance of that connection .  "         Between 10% and 20% of Cray machines world-wide are linked with Digital ' s VAX  line  ,  Cray ' s spokesman estimated ,  with the rest receiving data from computers made by Minneapolis-based Control Data Corp .  
   General Motors Corp .  ,  struggling with a lackluster car  line  and bloated costs ,  tapped a new president who has a proven record of cost cutting and decades of experience building automobiles .  
 GM ' s new president is Robert C .  Stempel ,  a 53-year-old with broad experience and a record of cost-cutting .     Stempel ' s selection ,  ending a tense contest among top officers ,  comes as the auto maker struggles with a lackluster car  line  and bloated costs .  
   General Motors Corp .  ' s Saturn Corp .  subsidiary is expected tomorrow to announce details of a sales network composed of far fewer dealers than the auto maker ' s other car  lines  .  
 General Motors Corp .  ' s Saturn Corp .  subsidiary is expected tomorrow to announce details of a sales network composed of far fewer dealers than the auto maker ' s other car  lines  .         A GM source said Saturn initially expects to appoint only about 100 dealers in major U . S .  markets ,  compared with several thousand dealers at each of GM ' s five other car lines .  
 In 1986 ,  the maker of elastomer products and fiber materials earned $2 . 5 million ,  or 87 cents a share .     The projected improvement reflects gains from an acquisition ,  reduced losses from unprofitable  lines  ,  and opening of a new elastomer plant .  
   International Business Machines Corp .  ,  in another move to regain ground on competitors such as Digital Equipment Corp .  ,  unveiled four new models in its most powerful mid-range computer  line  and its first mainframe computer priced below $1 million .  
  " What we ' ve really done  .   .   .  is enhanced our mid-range ,  "  said Larry Ford ,  an IBM vice president .     Mr .  Ford said that since last October ,   " We ' ve completely refreshed the entire mainframe  line  .  "  
 Mr .  Ford said that since last October ,   " We ' ve completely refreshed the entire mainframe  line  .  "         However ,  the machines aren ' t likely to significantly contribute to IBM ' s sales until the fourth quarter; the new mainframe ,  the 3090 model 120 ,  won ' t be available until October ,  while the new machines in IBM ' s 4381 medium-sized line are scheduled to be shipped in the first quarter of 1988 .  
 The four new 4381 computers are priced between $225 , 000 and $890 , 000 .     The most potent of the four ,  the model 24 ,  is at least six times more powerful than the entry level offering in the eight-model  line  .  
 Under the plan ,  customers would get a current 4381 model and by the first quarter next year receive accessories that convert the machines into the more powerful models .         IBM offered a similar incentive plan to boost current sales of an unavailable product earlier this year ,  when it unveiled two new models in its 3090 ,  or Sierra mainframe  line  .  
 Many of IBM ' s 4381 customers ,  mid-sized businesses or departments within large companies ,  have reached the limit of the memory capacity of the current models ,  but aren ' t ready to buy a mainframe yet ,  he added .         The 4381 announcements also put to rest speculation that IBM would  " quickly obsolete the 4381  line  "  with the 9370 mid-size line that was unveiled last October ,  said David Andrews ,  a consultant with ADM Inc .  of Cheshire ,  Conn .  
 The new mainframe  " brings the 3090 down one more level ,  "  said IBM ' s Mr .  Ford .         IBM also announced new software packages ,  including the first software permitting the development of applications that will run across the so-called System/370  line  of computers .     The System/370 line consists of the 9370 and 4381 mid-range computers and the 3090 mainframes .  
 Yesterday ' s hardware and software introductions are the most recent step in a flurry of moves IBM has made since October to fend off stiff competition from companies such as Digital Equipment ,  a major threat in the mid-range market ,  and Amdahl Corp .  ,  which makes machines that run software made for IBM ' s mainframes .         In addition to unveiling the 9370  line  ,  IBM has enhanced its lackluster workstation ,  the RT personal computer ,  and cut prices on its mainframe offerings while introducing new ones .     The company also introduced a new line of personal computers last month ,  in a bid to protect its position in that market .  
  " No matter how you look at it ,  Chrysler ' s getting a lot of value for what it is paying ,  "  said Scott Merlis ,  an analyst with Morgan Stanley & Co .   " Chrysler brings a lot of value to AMC ,  AMC brings a lot of value to Chrysler .  "         Specifically ,  Chrysler is expected to benefit greatly from AMC ' s popular Jeep  line  -- its only consistently profitable product -- and AMC ' s state-of-the-art assembly facility in Bramlea ,  Ontario .  
   Beatrice Cos .  said it filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for an initial public offering for its remaining non-food businesses and some of its smaller specialty-food  lines  .  
 E-II ' s businesses will include Stiffel Lamps ,  Samsonite luggage and the Culligan water softener business .     Its food  lines  will include Martha White baking mixes ,  Lowrey ' s meat snacks and a private-label pizza business .  
 Beatrice ' s food core includes Swift meats ,  Hunt ' s tomato products and Wesson cooking oil .     The E-II offering continues Beatrice ' s strategy of shedding its non-food  lines  .  
 Alfin Inc .  ,  which has come under government attack for anti-aging claims about its wrinkle creams ,  said it will report  " significant losses ,  particularly in the current fiscal quarter .  "         The cosmetics maker added that it retained Bear ,  Stearns & Co .  to study  " financial alternatives ,  "  including the sale of the skin-care  line  .  
 Allis-Chalmers Corp .  said it received a $150 million proposal for certain of its businesses from Chicago-based CA Ltd .         The mining and minerals processing equipment concern said CA has offered to buy Allis-Chalmers ' s solids process equipment business -- which also includes its energy and mineral systems  line  -- the Stephens-Adamson business ,  industrial pump business and power generation systems business .  
   Beatrice Cos .  plans an initial public offering for its remaining non-food businesses and some of its smaller specialty-food  lines  .  
 Vast stretches of previously uninhabited wilderness in such states as Mato Grosso ,  and even Amazon ,  have been transformed into some of the most productive farms in the world .     And the industrial giants of Sao Paulo today successfully compete on an international level and occasionally pioneer advanced equipment ,  such as Embraer ' s successful airline-manufacturing  line  .  
 Companies that sell cars in the U . S .  are required by federal law to phase in passive-restraint systems such as automatic seat belts or airbags .         Ford didn ' t specify which car  lines  might get the safety equipment ,  which protects passengers against injury in head-on collisions ,  but said they would be added to cars with driver-side air bags .  
 Driver-side air bags currently are available on four-door Ford Tempo and Mercury Topaz models ,  as well as on some European imported cars .         Robert H .  Munson ,  Ford director of automotive safety ,  said the passenger air bags will be offered on  " certain car  lines  ,  assuming the engineering and testing now under way demonstrate that a safe ,  reliable and effective system is practical and that an adequate supply of such systems is then available .  "  
 Donald D .  Kingsborough ,  chairman and chief executive officer ,  said the drop in fourth-quarter earnings resulted from heavy investments in new products intended to diversify operations .     The company soon will begin shipping a  line  of school accessories ,  including an answering machine for use in school lockers -- a device that is triggered to record messages by a whistle-like activator .  
 The computer system ,  which isn ' t expected to be available until the fourth quarter this year ,  will have a base price of $27 , 495 .         System 1300 ,  as the new product is called ,  fills a gap in the company ' s  line  of multiuser computer systems for business .  
 Graphic Packaging Corp .  ,  Paoli ,  Pa .  ,  began trading under the symbol GPAK .     The company manufactures a diverse  line  of flexible packaging products for various industries .  
 Year-ago net included a $4 . 2 million charge in connection with the closing of a baby-food plant in Oakland ,  Calif .         The company said sales improved as a result of the widespread acceptance of a new  line  of baby foods introduced in October .  
 He noted that it offers SmithKline an opportunity to increase its share of the injectable antibiotics market and to increase Tagamet ' s use among hospital patients .         Ronald Nordmann of PaineWebber Inc .  said the arrangement will allow SmithKline to boost sales of some of its antibiotics that aren ' t selling well by  " tying them into a program that promotes a specific (product)  line  .  "  
 Meanwhile ,  Staples '  competitors aren ' t standing still .     Discount warehouse chains like Price Co .  and Costco Wholesale Corp .  ,  which sell a variety of products and reportedly receive almost 10% of their revenues from sales of office products ,  plan to expand office-supplies  line  .  
 The price of the contract wasn ' t disclosed ,  but Galoob said it made an advance payment and also will pay royalties .         Galoob said it will market a  line  of action figures ,  playsets ,  electronic hand-held games and toy weapons based on the new program ,  which will begin Oct .  3 .  
 Fortune Friday reported a first-quarter net loss of $1 . 5 million ,  compared with a $345 , 000 profit a year earlier ,  on a 32% drop in revenue to $7 . 3 million .         SCI ,  an electronics manufacturer ,  has said the acquisition of Fortune ' s microcomputer business will strengthen its own  lines  of microcomputer products .  
  " I ' m surprised that would happen .     I thought the main  line  (business) was pretty solid ,  "  said Bert Metter ,  who ,  until late April ,  was chairman and chief executive officer of Thompson ' s J .  Walter Thompson USA unit .  
  " If I come into (a television station) in Los Angeles with a great show ,  they say ,   ' Thank you very much ,  goodbye ,  '  "  says Andrew Heyward ,  a former Hanna Barbera writer and story editor who is now president and majority shareholder of Dic Enterprises .      " But if we go in and say ,   ' Hey ,  we ' ve got a hot toy  line  coming out from Mattel ,  and normally they spend $7 million in your market on spot advertising ,  '  that ' s a different story .  "  
 Year-earlier net included a gain of about $8 . 6 million from sale of a division .     Burlington also noted gains in some industrial and home-furnishing  lines  .  
 SELLING SCENTS gets tougher ,  prompting a fragrance-industry shakeup .         Disappointing profits put many fragrance  lines  on the block ,  including some owned by drug companies .  
 The buyers: cosmetics and fragrance companies .     Revlon Group Inc .  purchases the Diane Von Furstenberg fragrances from Beecham Group PLC ,  while Sanofi Inc .  buys distribution rights to the Nina Ricci  line  from American Cyanamid Co .  
 Boys and dating came in sixth .         LEGGY LOOKS: Thigh-high skirts sell well in designer and junior  lines  .  
 A sale of the seven consumer brands would take away valuable Robins assets .     Robins ' s consumer products unit ,  which comprises the seven brands and a  line  of pet-care products ,  had operating profit of $52 . 7 million on sales of $267 million in 1986 .  
 The latest announcement includes some plants that just last month were temporarily shut down and then restarted .     The car  lines  affected by the new action include the Pontiac 6000 and the Buick Century .  
 Benihana National Corp .  said it has retained Kidder ,  Peabody & Co .  to advise the company on a sale ,  joint venture or licensing arrangement of its frozen food division .         The restaurant and frozen food concern said a sale or other disposition of its two frozen food  lines  would permit it to direct financial resources to the development of its restaurant business .  
   Low ingredient costs ,  heavy promotion of new products and aggressive marketing of established  lines  such as cereals and frozen food helped profits .  
 IBM and Apple are making big cuts in the number of dealers who will be permitted to carry their new products ,  but are trying to tie up more of the remaining dealers '  shelf space and more of their salesmens '   " mind space "  -- as one dealer puts it .     As a result ,  dealers will generally become more specialized ,  dropping some manufacturers '  products so they can concentrate on a few main  lines  and possibly focusing on fewer types of customers .  
 Those drawbacks likely mean that as many as a third of IBM ' s current dealers will either decide not to carry the new products or won ' t qualify .     But dealers say they like IBM ' s moves to use the new computer  line  to lock in big-business customers ,  and those dealers who remain will have pledged allegiance to Big Blue .  
 Computer Factory has cut about a third of the vendors it used to carry .     The ComputerLand Corp .  store in St .  Cloud ,  Minn .  ,  chose not to renew its sales agreement with Apple and may drop some printer  lines  so it can concentrate on IBM ' s new printer line; Mr .  DeBoer of ComputerLand predicts its IBM sales will increase 15% .  
  " It was already happening ,  but it was happening slowly .  "     He says that not only will dealers focus on fewer  lines  of equipment ,  but that dealers will focus more on market niches -- concentrating on businesses of a certain size or on specific industries ,  such as banking or insurance .  
 The non-food businesses had sales of $1 . 2 billion in the year ended Feb .  28 ,  1987 ,  representing about 13% of Beatrice ' s total .         Mr .  Kelly plans to assume control of the non-food company ,  the sources said ,  gradually shedding some  lines  and perhaps adding others in building an independent Chicago-based conglomerate .  
 Upriver ,  men demonstrate the business end of a blowgun .     Here ,  at the Ngiu Kee department store ,  cosmetologists demonstrate the new Bio  line  of natural-ingredient makeup put out by Kenebo ,  the Japanese cosmetics firm .  
 Mr .  White pointed out that in fiscal 1985 ,  sales of computer terminals accounted for 96% of Wyse ' s business .         After acquiring Amdek Corp .  ,  a distributor of electronic products ,  in January 1986 ,  and after introducing its own  line  of personal computers ,  the sales mix shifted considerably .  
 ICI Americas Inc .  announced a $50 million expansion of its polyester-film plant in Hopewell ,  Va .         The expansion involves a new thick-film  line  that is slated to begin production in 1989 and increase plant capacity 20% .  
   The Japanese ,  launching their long-awaited effort to crack the U . S .  supercomputer market ,  introduced a three-machine  line  and vowed to compete head-on with U . S .  rivals .  
   Energy Conversion Devices Inc .  said its optical memory-storage technology is being used by International Business Machines Corp .  in a new  line  of personal computers .  
 The consumer products and financial services businesses had lower operating earnings ,  Greyhound said ,  though transportation manufacturing earnings rose 7% .     The company said its  line  of household laundry products hadn ' t returned to the profit levels that prevailed before new-product spending by competitors was increased in mid 1986 .  
 GM has designed the program to bring customers into Chevrolet showrooms ,  as buyers must sit inside a vehicle with a paper  " key "  from the Procter & Gamble products to see if they ' ve won .     Also included in this joint promotion is a new  line  of Chevrolet pickup trucks .  
 GM ' s other divisions cut financing rates for 36-month and 48-month loan contracts .     In addition ,  rebates for Buick and Oldsmobile models now are based on specific car  lines  rather than on the type and number of options ordered with the car .  
 Soon ,  GM will know whether it has been playing leapfrog -- or just a desperate game of follow-the-leader .     Six years and some $5 billion later ,  the No .  1 auto maker is preparing to introduce what could be its most important car  line  ever ,  now code-named  " GM-10 .  "  
 And Taurus and Sable have driven triumphantly into the mid-size market .         At the same time ,  GM ' s  line  of older ,  rear-wheel-drive mid-size cars ,  such as the current Regal and Pontiac Grand Prix ,  is scheduled for retirement .  
 GM also is counting on GM-10 to help reduce its use of high-cost ,  in-house parts suppliers .     For William J .  Clark ,  that meant telling former colleagues at a Warren ,  Mich .  ,  plant that they couldn ' t supply GM-10 with a steering-system part as they have done with other GM  lines  .  
 Separately ,  Ford said its Australian unit and Nissan ' s Australian unit are discussing the possibility of jointly selling certain models in Australia .     The discussions are a response to the Australian government ' s plan to limit the number of car  lines  produced in that country .  
 In national over-the-counter trading yesterday ,  Minnetonka shares jumped $3 to close at $29 . 375 .         The  lines  planned for sale are Softsoap liquid soap ,  Village Bath soaps and shampoos and Sesame Street bubble bath and shampoo .     Jerome Jenko ,  Minnetonka ' s vice president and general counsel ,  estimated total sales for the three lines at more than $50 million last year .  
 Jerome Jenko ,  Minnetonka ' s vice president and general counsel ,  estimated total sales for the three  lines  at more than $50 million last year .         Mr .  Jenko said the planned sale is part of a strategy to focus on the company ' s higher-margin lines ,  which include Obsession perfume and cologne and other Calvin Klein fragrances .     Also ,  Minnetonka said it signed an agreement in principle to market Calvin Klein Industries Inc .  ' s lines of women ' s small leather accessories world-wide under the Calvin Klein trademark .  
  " Restaurants even did better on tomato soup than homemade or store-bought ,  which caused a lot of consternation around here ,  "  says Anthony Adams ,  Campbell ' s director of marketing research .     So does Campbell regret naming a new  line  of soups Home Cookin '  ?  
 REEBOK INTERNATIONAL LTD .  Chairman Paul Fireman predicted the Canton ,  Mass .  ,  concern would become the leading maker of basketball shoes by year ' s end .     Reebok ' s meteoric rise was based on its aerobic-shoe  line ; it added basketball sneakers last year .  
 In a speech in New York ,  Compaq President Rod Canion said  " Compaq intends to continue  .   .   .  providing industry standard "  personal computers .         Earlier this month IBM introduced a new  line  of personal computers that deviate in certain ways from the standard it set with its IBM PC in 1981 -- the standard on which Compaq based the $1 . 8 billion in computers it has sold since its start-up in 1983 .  
 Michael S .  Swavely ,  Compaq ' s vice president ,  marketing ,  said Compaq would have  " at least one major new product announcement this year ,  "  fitting the strategy outlined in Mr .  Canion ' s speech .         But Mr .  Swavely wouldn ' t rule out the possibility of Compaq producing a computer compatible with the new IBM  line  .     He said it was  " conceivable "  that Compaq might eventually produce two lines of computers based on the different standards .  
 Wilson has long had a reputation for innovation ,  new products and smart marketing .     Even through the difficult times since it was spun off by LTV Corp .  in 1981 ,  the company maintained a research program that helped develop its deli  line  and new technology for tenderizing fresh pork for its Tendercuts brand .  
 In the over-the-counter market ,  Sun Microsystems rose 1 3/4 to 34 1/8 ,  Microsoft gained 7 1/4 to 106 1/4 ,  Lotus Development advanced 2 1/2 to 31 and Apollo Computer added 2 to 20 1/8 .         Apple Computer ,  which plans to create an independent software company to develop and publish software for two of its computer  lines  ,  moved up 2 to 77 in OTC trading as volume topped 1 . 4 million shares .  
 The need for regulatory approval and complex computer systems keeps many small insurers out of the variable-life market .         BRIEFS: Eldergames ,  a new  line  of games designed for patients suffering memory loss ,  includes Eldertrivia and Memory Jogger flashcards .   .   .   .  
   Prab Robots Inc .  said Westinghouse Electric Corp .  ' s Unimation Inc .  unit agreed in principle to license Prab to make ,  sell and service Unimation ' s  line  of hydraulic Unimate industrial robots in North and South America .  
 When the novel came on the market in late 1985 ,  at least five houses wanted it .     Gerald Howard ,  who runs Penguin ' s Contemporary American Fiction  line  ,  says he took care of the competition by  " reading it very quickly and going nuts for it .  "  
 Mr .  Howard reports that Alliance Entertainment has paid a $10 , 000 option toward a $200 , 000 purchase if it likes the script treatment .         The CAF  line  is the eight-year-old reprint house for such sturdy modern masters as Donald Barthelme ,  William Kennedy and Laurie Colwin .  
 In the economics of modern mass-market paperback publishing ,  a serious literary novel that sells steadily but modestly is nearly impossible to keep in print .     Nowadays ,  it is an outfit like CAF ,  as well as Random House ' s Vintage  line  and a clutch of small presses ,  that offer the possibility of a long life for much serious fiction .  
 As with IBM ,  other computer concerns reported sharply stronger March sales .     The surge was partly attributed to customers who had been holding back to evaluate new models and enhancements in IBM ' s Sierra mainframe  line  .  
 American Telephone & Telegraph Co .  cut prices 5% to 38% on its slow-selling personal computers ,  reflecting increasing price competition in the wake of the new PC family unveiled earlier this month by International Business Machines Corp .         The biggest cuts were made in the AT&T PC 6300 Plus  line ; the price of an entry model with a single floppy disk drive fell 38% to $1 , 590 ,  and the price of the top-of-the-line model with a  " hard "  disk storing the equivalent of 20 , 000 pages of data was cut 29% to $3 , 065 .  
  " I want to be in a situation where I can see some positive results very quickly .  "         At Digital ,  the 51-year-old Mr .  Kramer is best known as the product manager who built the company ' s  line  of PDP scientific computers into a $300 million business by 1978 .  
 Mr .  Rattigan ,  49 years old ,  was widely viewed as the architect of a severe cost-cutting campaign that was largely responsible for the return to profitability .     While sales gains have trailed the increase in profit ,  the company has been betting that its expanded  line  of Amiga personal computers will spur revenue growth .  
 It was the first vaccine produced by gene-splicing to gain FDA marketing clearance .         Biocine was formed to develop and put on the market a  line  of genetically engineered vaccines against a variety of infectious diseases including AIDS ,  oral ,  genital herpes ,  malaria and several strains of hepatitis .  
 The slower sales growth for personal computers also triggered a shakeout among personal-computer dealers that thinned their ranks by more than a third .     And ,  as if that weren ' t enough ,  last year personal-computer prices were driven down by the many clones of IBM ' s standard-setting PC  line  of computers .  
 Revenue fell 1 . 1% to $315 . 2 million from $318 . 8 million because of  " the rapid deterioration in sales of our older "  computer products ,  said Edson D .  deCastro ,  president .     Revenue from the MV  line  of super-minicomputers grew ,  he said ,  and many customers are inquiring about computers ,  although they haven ' t yet placed orders .  
 Mr .  Henson said  " our better-than-expected earnings can be attributed to a surge in orders late in the quarter ,  "  and cost controls .     In February ,  he warned analysts to expect flat results because customers were holding off purchases while waiting for a new  line  of machines to become available .  
 Stratus makes  " fault tolerant "  computers that can handle a constant stream of tasks without breaking down .     It said that products in a new  line  of computers it introduced Feb .  2 accounted for 75% of its first-quarter revenue .  
 Computer sales account for roughly 25% of the company ' s sales ,  according to analysts .     Unit sales for the company ' s  line  of computers compatible with International Business Machines Corp .  ' s PC increased 62% in the quarter .     Some analysts had suggested that computer sales might be upset by the introduction of a new line of personal computers from IBM ,  expected throughout the quarter .  
 Her responsibilities included ordering supplies ,  typing sales reports ,  coordinating travel arrangements and making morning coffee .     She also represented a small peripheral  line  she ' d learned about while cleaning out the office files .  
 Since no one else was interested in handling the project ,  the district manager let her take it on in addition to her other responsibilities .     When she succeeded with that  line  ,  she took on several other small products .  
 Merlin II ,  the larger of the new Merlin systems ,  can accommodate as many as 32  lines  and 72 phones .     The new Merlin ,  which essentially replaces the existing Merlin line ,  has more features such as tracking length and duration of calls by phone ,  than the Spirit system ,  AT&T said .     Smaller models of both lines will be available by May ,  with larger models available in the third quarter .  
   Digital Equipment Corp .  pulled the plug on its slow-selling Rainbow  line  of personal computers .  
 He added that  " this year we ' re going to make sure the revenue (growth) is real ,  and then let the expenses follow .  "         In particular ,  Xerox is benefiting from an aggressive ,  two-year program of cost-cutting in its office-equipment  lines  .  
 The rebound is most evident in Xerox ' s first-quarter earnings from continuing operations ,  which rose 32% to $135 million ,  or $1 . 25 a share ,  compared with $102 million ,  or 93 cents a share ,  a year ago .     Pre-tax profit from Xerox ' s photocopier and computer-systems  lines  was double that of the year-earlier period .  
   Thomas Industries Inc .  said it has signed an agreement with Schreder Lighting of Brussels ,  Belgium ,  to make and market Schreder ' s  line  of tunnel lighting products in the U . S .  and Canada ,  except Quebec .  
 Thomas ,  which makes a broad range of lighting products ,  said its Emco Lighting division in Milan ,  Ill .  ,  will make and market the Schreder products .     Schreder makes tunnel lighting from 18 factories world-wide and also makes a broad  line  of outdoor lighting products .  
 In the year-earlier quarter ,  the oil and gas concern had net income of $22 . 1 million ,  or 45 cents a share ,  on sales of $718 . 9 million .         Kerr-McGee said all its  lines  were profitable in the 1987 quarter except for its contract drilling and uranium operations ,  which incurred  " small losses .  "  
 The executives said inventories were reduced 34% during the quarter to $59 million from $79 million ,  and that short-term bank debt was reduced 57% to $58 million from $91 million .         In explaining the lower profit margins ,  they cited a higher concentration of seasonal outdoor product sales ,  which carry lower margins than the remainder of Coleco ' s  line  ,  and sales of Cabbage Patch Kids dolls at lower margins ,  partly because of special first-quarter sales incentives .  
 First-quarter operating profit ,  before special gains ,  reached a record $65 million ,  up 68% from $38 . 8 million a year earlier .     Transamerica attributed the improvement to significantly higher earnings across a broad  line  of its businesses .  
 Until recently ,  Rorer was a lackluster company whose leading over-the-counter brand ,  Maalox antacid ,  was losing market share .     But under its new chairman and chief executive officer ,  Robert E .  Cawthorn ,  the company has been pushing to become a top drug maker by narrowing its focus and searching for a major acquisition with strong cash flow and a compatible  line  of prescription-drug products .  
 Ronald M .  Nordmann ,  a drug analyst at PaineWebber ,  said Robins would constitute  " a very good catch "  for Rorer ,  provided the Dalkon Shield liability could be capped at a  " reasonable "  level .         By acquiring Robins ,  Rorer could build its prescription- and over-the-counter drug  lines  ,  he said .  
 Philip Morris said the market share of its U . S .  tobacco unit increased compared with a year ago ,  although cigarette unit volume fell for both the industry and Philip Morris U . S . A .         The company said lower retail prices boosted sales for General Foods '  Maxwell House coffee  line  ,  while strong gains also were achieved for Louis Rich turkey products .  
 The maker of air-conditioning and heating equipment expects earnings for the second quarter -- historically ,  its best period of the year -- to exceed year-earlier net income of $5 . 3 million ,  or 61 cents a share ,  James T .  Dresher ,  vice chairman ,  said .         Some of the gains will come from sales of a new  line  of rooftop air conditioners suited for fast-food restaurants and strip shopping centers ,  Mr .  Dresher said in an interview .  
 As reported ,  Avon has agreed in principle to acquire Giorgio Inc .  ,  a Beverly Hills ,  Calif . -based fragrance maker ,  for $185 million ,  and there are plans for other acquisitions soon ,  he said .         Specifically ,  Mr .  Waldron expressed a strong interest in the Elizabeth Arden  line  that the Indianapolis pharmaceutical concern Eli Lilly & Co .  has said it is selling .  
 Apple Computer ' s profit rose an unexpected 6 . 5% in its latest quarter ,  surprising even the company .     Sales surged 41% ,  led by continued strength in the Macintosh computer  line  .  
  " The obvious surprise is how well our sales are doing ,  "  said Robert Saltmarsh ,  Apple ' s treasurer ,  who added that their sales growth  " is really broadly based .  "         Apple has enjoyed continued strong sales of its Macintosh  line  of personal computers to the important business market .  
 In addition ,  Mr .  Saltmarsh said ,  the company ' s 10-year-old Apple II product  line  ,  which caters to home and educational markets ,  continues to sell well .     Shipments of the newest machine in the line ,  the Apple II-gs introduced last fall ,  have picked up .  
 The machines  " are crucial for Prime .     They had a need to expand their  line  ,  "  said Richard Mikita ,  an analyst with market researcher International Data Corp .  ,  Framingham ,  Mass .  
 Separately ,  Wang introduced several new products that allow pictures and images to be stored on optical disks and then shown on special computer screens .     The systems work with Wang ' s current  line  of computers ,  and Wang officials predicted they may sell as much as $100 million of the systems in fiscal 1988 .  
 Computer Associates has grown rapidly by focusing on a part of the software market called systems utilities ,  which help data processing centers manage their operations more efficiently .     It has made a series of acquisitions to broaden its  line  of business software ,  including the purchase of Software International Corp .  and Integrated Software Systems Corp .  last December .  
 The big pieces left are financial services ,  auto parts ,  defense and aerospace ,  industrial and forest products ,  communications ,  and hotels .     Mr .  Kelly envisions a manufacturing acquisition that would ,  for example ,  add to the auto-parts  line  .  
 Basics are no secret to merchandisers .     For many years major retailers identified basic items in all staple  lines  and made certain they were  " always available .  "  
 For years ,  Rorer Group Inc .  was regarded as a dull laggard of the drug industry .     It had a tiny research budget and a weak prescription-drug  line  .  
 Despite such ambitious moves ,  Mr .  Cawthorn acknowledges that a lot more will be needed to catapult Rorer into a leadership position .     Ideally ,  he says he would like to buy a company with  " strong cash flow "  and a compatible  line  of prescription-drug products .  
   Tandy Corp .  ' s computer sales weren ' t hurt in its third quarter ended March 31 by the expectation that International Business Machines Corp .  would announce a new  line  of personal computers ,  Tandy ' s chairman ,  John Roach ,  said .  
 Overall computer sales in the consumer electronics concern ' s fiscal third quarter rose 16% ,  he said .     Both percentage figures include Tandy ' s  line  of computers that aren ' t IBM-compatible ,  as well as those that are .  
 The increase was primarily fueled by IBM ' s large mainframe computers ,  analysts said .     Sales sputtered earlier in the quarter ,  largely because customers were scrutinizing IBM ' s January introduction of two new models and price cuts in its so-called Sierra mainframe  line  .   " (We) began to gain momentum and had an excellent March ,  "  an IBM spokesman said .  
  " That ' s when they ' ll be hitting on all eight cylinders ,  "  Montgomery ' s Mr .  Jones said .     In July ,  the company is expected to start delivering its new midrange computers; IBM ' s sales of its new personal computer  line  ,  unveiled earlier this month ,  also will be well under way and the company ' s expenses should be lower .  
  " Profit margins are still under pressure and prices are still under pressure in the computer industry and aren ' t likely to let up .  "     IBM ' s profit margins declined almost three percentage points in the quarter ,  reflecting price cutting in the personal computer  line   " and some other products ,  "  the IBM spokesman said .  
 At $165 an ounce ,   " clearly (Giorgio) reaches a very carriage trade business .  "     He said Avon will keep Giorgio and its traditional business separate and that Avon representatives won ' t sell the Giorgio  line  .  
 A spokesman said the planned transaction doesn ' t forestall other acquisitions by Avon for its beauty or health care operations .     For one thing ,  he said ,  the company continues to be  " very interested "  in the Elizabeth Arden  line  that Eli Lilly & Co .  ,  Indianapolis ,  has said it wants to sell .  
  " Still ,  with the introduction of the new IBM machines it ' s an important time for Compaq and it would be better to have him than not ,  "  Mr .  Galvin added .     International Business Machines Corp .  last week introduced a new  line  of personal computers that will compete with Compaq ' s line ,  which has grown from the original portable to include a number of desktop models .  
 In its complaint filed in the U . S .  District Court for the Southern District of New York ,  American Natural Beverage Corp .  ,  maker of Soho Natural Soda ,  claims Anheuser-Busch ' s packaging for Zeltzer Seltzer is  " confusingly similar "  to that for Soho Natural .     Closely held American Natural said it has used its current packaging design for Soho Natural since 1982 and sells the fruit-flavored  line  of sodas in 33 states .  
 Robert H .  Smith ,  National-Oilwell chairman ,  said ,   " By combining the strengths of two of the leading companies in the field ,  we are forming an entity which can survive under current depressed industry conditions .  "     The company makes and sells a complete  line  of drilling and production equipment .  
 Mr .  Frain ,  a marketing specialist ,  was chosen in late January to be the first president and chief executive officer of Alfred Dunhill of London Inc .  ,  the U . S .  arm of Dunhill Holdings .     He says the company plans to expand beyond its traditional  line  of very expensive smokers '  products ,  into very expensive  " serious menswear .  "  
 We mix tobacco for individual customers .  "         And so the  line  of suits Dunhill plans to launch will have a  " bottom price point "  of $750 .     Most of the line ,  which will emphasize custom fit and hand tailoring ,  will hover around the $2 , 000 mark ,  according to Mr .  Frain .  
 Menswear ,  which in the U . S .  now includes fine tailored products ,  makes up 30% of sales .         Mr .  Frain says he will focus in the U . S .  on retail and on more complete menswear  lines  .  
  " The average person isn ' t interested .  "         Nor does Mr .  Farley want viewers to remember him displaying the company ' s latest  line  of underwear .  
 The company said its purchase of 4 . 2 million of its shares during 1986 fueled a 15% rise in earnings per share .         Despite sales increases in electronics ,  major appliances and other  lines  ,  Raytheon reported lower sales in energy services and aircraft products .  
 Once sleepy Glenmore is taking lots of gambles these days .     The  " Light of Day "  project was merely the start of a major repositioning campaign to liven up its old-fashioned Mr .  Boston  line  of liqueurs and other distilled spirits .  
 Sales for the quarter exceeded $200 million ,  he said .     The earnings and sales figures ,  both better than analysts expected ,  indicate that Compaq ' s sales during the quarter weren ' t hurt significantly by the prospect of a new  line  of computers that International Business Machines Corp .  was expected to introduce at the end of the period .  
 She added 1980s sunglasses ,  patches and labeling ,  and had the company sponsor a women ' s surfing cup .         Mrs .  Gibson also helped originate Limited ' s pseudo-Italian Forenza  line  and has introduced new labels like Outback Red ,  an Australian safari look ,  and Axcess accessories .  
 But as Mrs .  Gibson experiments with more upscale and expensive merchandise ,  and as the stores '  target population ages ,  analysts say she will have to keep a careful eye on the identity of both stores and merchandise .     Certainly not all of her moves score; according to one analyst ,  the Album by Kenzo -- a  line  of recent years -- has been vastly scaled back because it  " didn ' t fit .  "  
 When she surfaces ,  she is friendly but blunt .          " You know I always tell the truth ,  "  she warned one designer who asked what she thought of the  line  of blue jeans and sweatshirts he ' d just lovingly presented .  
 Varian Associates Inc .  said it received a three-year contract for more than $30 million from Toshiba Corp .         Varian will supply X-ray tubes for the Tokyo company ' s  line  of computerized tomography scanners .  
 The maker of disk drive controllers wouldn ' t elaborate on the size of the expected loss ,  but a spokesman said the company doesn ' t expect to have any future business with IBM .     The parts the company used to supply to IBM are for machines that are being phased out in connection with the big computer maker ' s recently introduced  line  of personal computers .  
   Carlo De Benedetti ,  chairman of ING .  C .  OLIVETTI & CO .  ,  announced plans to launch a new  line  of Olivetti personal computers and minicomputers in June and to set up an industrial holding company in Spain .  
 In over-the-counter trading ,  shares of clone-maker Wyse Technology Inc .  also rose ,  and Apple Computer Inc .  stock was up sharply .          " After all the dust settles from the big announcement ,  the long wait begins ,  "  said Apple Chairman John Sculley ,  contending that Apple is way ahead of IBM .  Similarly ,  Compaq President Rod Canion said he doesn ' t see any need for price cuts or product changes and that IBM ' s new  line   " doesn ' t offer any major new advantages and isn ' t very aggressive from a pricing standpoint .  "  
 But in moving against such clones as Epson ,  IBM may be applying more immediate pressure through its new ,  tighter approach to PC dealers .         Big Blue is restricting the number of dealers -- now totaling 2 , 300 for the old  line  -- that will be authorized to sell the newest and highest-priced products by creating a special class of retailer .  
 Moreover ,  the dealers must meet certain sales quotas ,  carry other designated IBM products ,  report sales to IBM monthly and bolster customer support .     Such requirements may force some dealers to drop other brands to spend more time and resources on the IBM  line  .  
  " Anyone who carries four or five (brands) will have to reevaluate it ,  "  said Bert Helfinstein ,  chairman of Entre Computer Centers Inc .  Added Jim Levinson ,  who owns three ComputerLand stores in Cincinnati:  " The kinds of things (IBM) is asking for are very money-intensive  .   .   .  it ' s going to make us rethink our business totally .  "         The low end of the IBM  line  consists of two models that IBM said are as much as 2 1/2 times faster than the existing PC XT ,  have more memory and have better graphics ,  and are lower priced .  
 IBM also announced dozens of other hardware and software products including five printers ,  computer-networking programs ,  and a desktop-publishing system priced at $8 , 553 ,  which some analysts saw as aggressively priced .         To clear store shelves for the new products ,  IBM made these price reductions: a 35% cut to $1 , 395 for a model of the PC XT and a 32% cut to $1 , 545 for another; a 15% cut to $1 , 695 for the PC Convertible  " laptop " ; a 17% cut to $2 , 810 for another XT model; a 13% cut to $4 , 595 for two PC AT versions; 9 . 3% cuts to $6 , 810 for two other ATs ,  and cuts of 4% to 10% for four models of IBM ' s slow-selling 3270 PC  line  .  
  " Sun workstations typically are sold in a configuration of five or eight workstations ,  while a Macintosh II will be more of a stand-alone workstation ,  "  he said .         A spokesman for Apollo Computer said that the company doesn ' t have any workstations directly competing with the low end of Sun ' s  line  ,  and that its units remain priced competitively against Sun ' s more powerful models .  
 At Dec .  31 Fortune ' s cash assets totaled $20 . 5 million and its shareholders equity was $51 million .         SCI ,  an electronics manufacturer ,  said the acquisition of Fortune ' s microcomputer business would strengthen its own  lines  of microcomputer products .  
 Its next new ,  high-volume car ,  the mid-sized GM10 model ,  won ' t debut until this fall ,  and then only initially in one version at one division .     Until then ,  the company has to rely on its existing  lines  ,  which haven ' t been selling well ,  despite cash rebates ,  option package rebates and low-interest finance rates that currently cover more than half its cars .  
   IBM UNVEILED its new  line  of personal computers ,  marking a new era of competition in the market .  
 And while Mr .  Herbert says he expects the company to grow internally ,  he says he also expects it to  " be aggressively looking for acquisitions that will dramatically expand the business .  "     While the unit has always looked for acquistions ,  he says ,  now it likely will be looking more broadly than just at  lines  that supplement Minute Maid ' s chilled or frozen business .  
 Decisions percolated to the top for even minor entertainment expenses .     Until recently ,  Vice Chairman J .  Phillip Samper ,  who heads photographic and information products ,  could be called upon to make a decision on any one of 50 , 000 products .  (Now business-unit managers are responsible for their own  lines  . ) 
 In recent quarters Federal has focused on new chicken products that are geared to current consumer trends and also command higher prices .     Items like its Time Trimmer  line  of filleted ,  quick-to-prepare chicken parts have been paying off .  
 Lately ,  consultants have had a field day ridiculing unwieldy new corporate names like Allegis and Trinova .     But the most criticized name seems to be Honda Motor Co .  ' s Acura car  line  .  
 Geo .     A .  Hormel & Co .  tests Top Shelf ,  a  line  of entrees such as boneless beef ribs that can be heated in two minutes .  
 Carson Pirie Scott & Co .  in Chicago spins off three concepts: Corporate Level for executives ,  Arcadia for gifts and cards ,  and Inpulse for knitwear .     To control selection and display ,  Liz Claiborne Inc .  plans its own stores with a new  line  of clothes in late 1987 or early 1988 .  
   MONARCH AVALON INC .  said earnings for the year ending April 30 won ' t be aided by a new  line  of toys because it won ' t begin selling the toys until May .     In an earlier edition ,  A .  Eric Dott ,  president ,  said the company would begin selling the line in April .  
 Why create something new ?  "         While Moline ,  Ill . -based Deere will still be able to market its smaller  line  of diesel engines through Detroit Diesel ' s expansive distribution network ,  it must now look for a way to develop a new engine for the 1990s ,  analysts said .  
   After months of angst in the computer industry and seemingly endless rumors ,  International Business Machines Corp .  finally will introduce its new  line  of personal computers on Thursday .  
 Yet some students of history may recall that Apple ran a smug ad in 1981 welcoming IBM to the PC market -- then watched as IBM ' s market share quickly dwarfed Apple ' s .         In any case ,  competitors seem ready to finally face reality and either take their lumps or perhaps profit from any weaknesses in the IBM  line  .  
 SciMed also said that it and certain of its stockholders have granted Bristol-Myers options to buy more than 50% of all authorized shares at $29 . 25 a share .         SciMed ,  which designs ,  makes and markets disposable medical products used to treat cardiovascular disease ,  recently introduced a  line  of coronary balloon angioplasty catheters to widen obstructed coronary arteries ,  facilitating blood flow .  
 For marketers of new products ,  this lack of gusto means trouble .     But Langer suggests that habit shoppers may be more willing to try new products if they are  line  extensions with familiar brand names .  
 New businesses that officials expect to contribute to future sales and profit include waste-to-energy systems ,  hazardous- and toxic-waste cleanups ,  business communications ,  space commercialization and electronic security systems for nuclear plants .     These  lines  currently have sales of about $50 million and are expected to contribute $300 million to $500 million in sales by 1989 .  
 Xerox Corp .  ,  too ,  has been using product semantics increasingly in its design strategy ,  a move it claims has resulted in less training for users and fewer service calls to remedy simple problems .     Recently ,  the company introduced a  line  of copiers that call to mind typical office desks ,  with flat surfaces for paperwork on top and storage space and access doors below .  
   IBM will unveil its new  line  of personal computers Thursday ,  ending months of speculation .  
 A 60-day to 65-day supply is considered normal .         The company has also suffered declining sales and high inventories in some of its truck  lines  ,  meaning the strike shouldn ' t have a significant financial effect unless it lasts a long time ,  analysts said .  
  " A strike would probably help ,  "  said Philip K .  Fricke of Goldman ,  Sachs & Co .     In addition ,  most of the truck  lines  produced in Pontiac are also made at other plants .  
 Other analysts believe that Bull sees the partnership as a way to broaden its international market ,  while NEC views it as a way to expand technology exports .     NEC produces many parts in Honeywell ' s current computer  line  .  
 Mr .  Fireman said that he will focus his own efforts on strategic planning ,  acquisitions and overseeing operations .     Canton ,  Mass . -based Reebok has grown rapidly ,  with sales tripling last year to $919 . 4 million ,  on the strength of its stylish aerobic shoes followed by other athletic shoe  lines  .  
 Monarch Avalon Inc .  expects fiscal 1987 earnings to match last year ' s $154 , 000 ,  or eight cents a share ,  A .  Eric Dott ,  president ,  said .         Mr .  Dott cited strong fourth-quarter sales from several new board games and a new  line  of toys .  
 For the first nine months ,  Mattel ' s net income fell 75% to $18 . 6 million ,  or 31 cents a share ,  from $73 . 4 million ,  or $1 . 37 a share ,  a year earlier .         Harold Vogel ,  a Merrill Lynch & Co .  analyst ,  said Mattel ' s major problem is that unsold retail inventories of its  " Masters of the Universe "   line  of toys are still very large .  
 Several new toys that were considered possible hits for this year have failed to live up to expectations .     Coleco ' s Rambo ,  Pawtucket ,  R . I . -based Hasbro Inc .  ' s Inhumanoids ,  and Beverly ,  Mass . -based Kenner Parker Toys Inc .  ' s Centurions ,  all action-figure  lines  for boys ,  haven ' t sold well .  
 Hasbro ' s Transformers action figures ,  which had sales of $335 million last year ,  will decline to about $195 million in 1986 ,  the company said .     And Hawthorne ,  Calif . -based Mattel Inc .  said that sales of its Masters of the Universe characters will decline  " significantly "  from 1985 sales of about $400 million for the  line  .  
 But 1987 looks brighter for the industry .     Analysts and toy buyers said the major companies will have better  lines  of action figures and dolls than they did this year .  
 Coleco will introduce miniature dolls with magnets on their feet ,  which are part of a U . S .  space force and use equipment with little motors to lift cargo and other items .     Toy buyers and analysts said extensions of several  lines  ,  such as Hasbro ' s rock star Jem ,  also may be winners .  
 His fashion company ,  Fiorucci S . p . A .  ,  of which he is one-third owner ,  expects pre-tax profit this year of $3 million on sales of $80 million ,  up from profit of about $800 , 000 on sales of $60 million last year .     Mr .  Fiorucci ' s reworked fashions -- the current men ' s  line  ,  Classic Nouveau ,  invokes the 1940s -- and mass items like blue jeans are a big hit in France ,  West Germany and South America .  
 Though Fiorucci makes mainly clothes ,  it has designed such things as wall clocks and tableware .         At the company ' s Milan headquarters ,  the team of 16 designers is working on a  line  that includes durable and expensive-looking leather jackets as well as chunky sweaters and more blue jeans .  
 Terms of the transaction with Henkel ,  which is expected to close early next year ,  weren ' t disclosed .         The Nopco  line  has annual sales of about $160 million .  
 The new division will be called the Business Products & Systems Group .     Earnings from Xerox ' s troubled office-equipment  lines  ,  which also include printers and computers ,  have declined in each of the first three quarters this year .  
 The Reliance acquisition brought Exxon a number of problems related to Reliance ' s Federal Pacific Electric Co .  unit .     Problems with the design of a  line  of Federal Pacific circuit breakers led to a costly recall .  
 Ply-Gem Industries Inc .  said it agreed to acquire closely held Great Lakes Window Corp .  ,  Toledo ,  Ohio ,  for $18 million .         The purchase ,  which will add to Ply-Gem ' s  line  of specialty home-improvement products ,  is expected to close before year ' s end .  
 Mr .  Hassenfeld said the company ' s Transformers action toys group would be the largest category contributing to 1986 results .     Hasbro reiterated that it expects sales of the  line  to fall; Mr .  Hassenfeld estimated the sales would fall to $195 million this year from $335 million last year .  
 Mr .  Scharffenberger says Mr .  Meenaghan  " has a good ,  thorough insurance background .  "     Mr .  Meenaghan says Home will  " pursue growth aggressively "  in some specialized  lines  ,  but the growth will be orderly .  
 In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange yesterday ,  First Interstate closed at $54 . 25 a share ,  down 25 cents; BankAmerica closed at $14 . 625 a share ,  unchanged .         Separately ,  BankAmerica agreed as part of a restructuring to sell Bank of America ' s consumer trust  line  to the Wells Fargo Bank unit of Wells Fargo & Co .  ,  another San Francisco banking concern ,  for $100 million .  
 After some debate ,  Ansell decides to relaunch LifeStyles instead of introducing a new brand .     But it still plans to add new products to the  line  ,  and it is still considering changing the name to Partners .  
 Through QO Chemicals ,  Pentech produces certain specialty chemicals that are used to make furfuryl alcohol and other products used in foundry resins ,  plastics ,  flame retardant building materials ,  oil refining and urethane systems .         Great Lakes said QO ' s specialty chemical  line  fits well into several markets it already serves and enhances its international presence .  
 Hasbro Inc .  says Tonka Corp .  ran off with its new toy .         Hasbro accuses Tonka of misappropriating information about a  " secret "  concept for a toy  line  -- industry rumors are that it involves a holographic technique -- that Hasbro plans to introduce in February at the big annual Toy Fair in New York .  
  " Their claims are totally without merit ,  "  says Stephen G .  Shank ,  Tonka chief executive officer and president .      " It appears that Hasbro is just concerned that we have a  line  into the market before them .  "  
 But Tonka executives recently told industry analysts that it plans to introduce a toy next year that will feature holographic technology ,  which uses laser light to produce three-dimensional images .         Among Hasbro ' s current top sellers are its G . I .  Joe and Transformers  lines ; Tonka has scored big sales recently with its Pound Puppies line .  
 The Toy Fair is considered a crucial launching pad for new toys and games for the $12 billion industry .     The suit asserts that  " exclusivity for a concept at the Toy Fair can mean the difference between success and failure of an entire toy  line  .  "  
 That market is in disorder as the computer industry undergoes a long-predicted consolidation .     This year several big companies gave up on being independent suppliers of a broad  line  of computer systems: Control Data Corp .  is now concentrating on certain niches; Sperry Corp .  joined with Burroughs Corp .  to form Unisys Corp .  ,  and Honeywell Inc .  has decided to merge its computer operations with those of two big overseas computer makers .  
 This year several big companies gave up on being independent suppliers of a broad  line  of computer systems: Control Data Corp .  is now concentrating on certain niches; Sperry Corp .  joined with Burroughs Corp .  to form Unisys Corp .  ,  and Honeywell Inc .  has decided to merge its computer operations with those of two big overseas computer makers .         Today ,  Data General executives say ,  their company is in a select group that includes IBM ,  Digital and Hewlett-Packard Inc .  as makers of a broad line of computer products for offices and factories .  
 For example ,  General Electric Co .  recently agreed to jointly sell a factory-automation system GE developed at its Schenectady ,  N . Y .  ,  turbine facility .         While Data General continues to make a broad  line  of computers and software ,  it is focusing on fewer markets .  
 GE is the 10th largest U . S .  industrial company ,  and its $39 . 5 billion stock market value trails only International Business Machines and Exxon .         Also ,  in an era that values stand-alone businesses and discounts conglomerates ,  GE has 14 major  lines  .  
 Under the agreement ,  Apple can ' t challenge Franklin in court again until late next year .         Currently ,  Franklin sells a  line  of Apple IIe- and IIc-compatible machines that it says don ' t violate Apple ' s patents .  
 The company said it acquired 15 products with annual sales totaling less than $10 million and will market them in West Germany .         Among them are a  line  of topical antirheumatics ,  which are products to ease arthritis-like pain ,  and a line of topical and oral acne treatments .  
 The company said profit growth stemmed partly from a steady flow of products .     In particular ,  it cited the strong performance of its Fibre Trim diet  line  .  
 Such factors have led a number of Japanese concerns to seek U . S .  production capabilities ,  most recently in semiconductors .         The agreement should buttress Xerox ' s  line  of electronic typewriters .  
 Xerox ,  which has never done high-volume manufacturing for another company ,  also should benefit because it will be able to use more of the capacity at its highly automated factory in Fremont ,  Calif .         Brother ,  based in Nagoya ,  Japan ,  said the Xerox daisy-wheel printer will give it a faster ,  more powerful product than it now has in that  line  .  
 In each year since 1961 ,  he has turned out drawings for about 600 women ' s outfits ,  displayed in four separate collections .         Unlike most high-fashion houses here ,  Yves Saint Laurent S . A .  makes money on selling the fancy ,  expensive clothes Mr .  Saint Laurent designs ,  as well as the more-accessible ready-to-wear  lines  .  
 In the 1970s ,  Toshiba focused on integrated circuits for consumer goods ,  neglecting the industrial chips used in computers .     By the time the company began making those chips ,  NEC and Hitachi Ltd .  were so far ahead in memory chips that Toshiba considered dropping the  line  .  
 He didn ' t set a timetable for the reduction .         Asked at the meeting whether the company ' s increased leverage meant that Coca-Cola was  " loading for bear ,  "  -- preparing for an acquisition -- Mr .  Goizueta reiterated that any fresh acquisitions would be within the company ' s existing  lines  .  
 American Cyanamid Co .  said it is putting up for sale its fragrance and skin-care business ,  Jacqueline Cochran Inc .         Cyanamid said the business ,  which includes the La Prairie skin-care  line  ,  is  " a small part "  of the Shulton consumer products segment it acquired in 1971 .  
 Eli Lilly & Co .  ' s Hybritech Inc .  unit filed a patent infringement suit against Abbott Laboratories in a federal court in Los Angeles .         Eli Lilly ' s unit claims in the suit that North Chicago ,  Ill . -based Abbott sells diagnostic kits that infringe on Hybritech ' s Tandem brand name  line  of testing products .     Eli Lilly said the Hybritech line is based on a patented method of using monoclonal antibodies to detect pregnancy ,  cancer and infectious disease .  
 Conoco is a unit of Wilmington ,  Del . -based Du Pont Co .         BASF ,  a unit of BASF AG of West Germany ,  is a major supplier of private-brand antifreeze/coolant with annual sales of about $90 million to $100 million for that  line  .  
 Bull makes and markets some Honeywell-model midsize computers outside the U . S .     And Honeywell markets NEC ' s supercomputer  line  and Bull ' s networking know-how in the U . S .  
 In 1985 ,  Prince represented about 2% of Chesebrough ' s $2 . 7 billion in sales ,  and Bass accounted for about 6% .         Unilever has said that its main interest in Chesebrough is the company ' s personal-care products ,  such as Vaseline and Q-Tips ,  and its food products ,  including the Ragu  line  .  
 Details of the agreement weren ' t disclosed .         A spokeswoman for the pharmaceutical concern said Syntex ,  which markets a full  line  of oral contraceptives in this country under its own name ,  entered the agreement with Rugby Laboratories Inc .  in order to make use of excess manufacturing capacity .  
 A spokeswoman for the pharmaceutical concern said Syntex ,  which markets a full  line  of oral contraceptives in this country under its own name ,  entered the agreement with Rugby Laboratories Inc .  in order to make use of excess manufacturing capacity .         The oral contraceptives Syntex will manufacture and sell to Rugby are identical to a line Syntex produces on which patent protection has expired ,  she added .  
 Oak said the group it is acquiring from New York-based Electronic Technologies had revenue of $18 . 7 million in the fiscal year ended Sept .  30 .         Oak ,  which produces cable television equipment ,  previously said it was planning an acquisition program involving smaller additions to its current  lines  ,  and possibly larger purchases outside its current business .  
 Unilever had already carefully studied Chesebrough as one of several possible acquisition targets in the U . S .  ,  Mr .  Angus said .     The company wanted Richardson-Vicks partly for its Oil of Olay  line  of skin products .  
 Canada Dry reported a $2 . 3 million loss in 1986 .     The acquisition complements the international strengths of its Schweppes  line  of mixers ,  Cadbury said .  
 Times Mirror -- which publishes the Los Angeles Times and other newspapers -- owns only one trade publication ,  a St .  Louis-based magazine called Sporting Goods Dealer .     But the company noted that it also owns several specialized publications and has been trying to expand that  line  .  
 Many retailers reported tight inventories and few plans for big promotional sales in the weeks ahead .         Higher-priced goods were the best sellers in  lines  ranging from toys to apparel ,  partly because ,  some retailers thought ,  of the new tax law ,  which will eliminate deductions for sales taxes beginning next year .  
 She is one of several characters that together brought in $17 . 6 million in licensing fees to American Greetings in its fiscal 1986 ,  ended last Feb .  28 .         The summary-trial jury decided for American Greetings in finding that there had been no intention for Mrs .  Sargent to have commercial rights to the work she did for the company and that her 1977 work on so-called leader cards ,  which were part of the process of developing the Strawberry Shortcake  line  of greeting cards ,  wasn ' t original .  
 Analysts said that some of its recently introduced toys give it a good chance of returning to profitability in 1987 .         In particular ,  Coleco ' s new StarCom toys -- male action figures that move via magnets and springs -- give  " every indication of being one of the best new action  lines  this year ,  "  said David Liebowitz ,  an analyst with American Securities Corp .  Other promising new products include a new line of talking Cabbage Patch Kids ,  a new board game named UBI and talking toys named Story-Telling Alf and Wisecracking Alf ,  Mr .  Liebowitz added .  
 It uses electrical pulses applied through electrode pads applied to a patient ' s back and chest ,  ZMI added .         ZMI said the decision will result in Cardiac ' s being enjoined from making and selling its  line  of Pace Aid pacemakers .  
 But other sources said the purchase may be completed by the end of the week .     Revlon is also negotiating to license the Claude Montana fragrance  line  from Monteil ,  the sources said .  
 You wouldn ' t write home about their profits .  "         Ms .  Hall also said that Revlon may be looking at other cosmetic  lines  that are currently up for sale .     Some Wall Street sources are speculating that among those lines are pieces of Charles of the Ritz Group Ltd .  ,  recently purchased by Yves Saint Laurent International S . A .  
 Some Wall Street sources are speculating that among those  lines  are pieces of Charles of the Ritz Group Ltd .  ,  recently purchased by Yves Saint Laurent International S . A .         As previously reported ,  Paris-based Saint Laurent is selling the upscale Charles of the Ritz and Alexandra de Markoff brands ,  as well as less prestigious lines such as Jean Nate and Bain de Soleil .  
 Mr .  Richman doesn ' t expect big problems ,  and he promises improved profits over the next three to five years through steady ,  prudent growth .     The company has a strong base: 15 of its domestic  lines  are No .  1 brands in their product categories .  
 While trying to revive its consumer products business ,  it missed out on the frozen entree boom; frozen food is the fastest-growing packaged food area right now .     The company tried a  line  of frozen cheese dinners that it quietly folded last year .  
 But Kraft is trying again .     It currently is testing a  line  of frozen entrees that include lasagna and several meat dishes .  
 Some in the industry doubt whether Mr .  Richman is up to the job .     An attorney who joined Kraft ' s law department in 1954 after graduating from Harvard Law School ,  his background isn ' t in marketing ,  which is what ' s needed to pump new life into tired  lines  .  
 An attorney who joined Kraft ' s law department in 1954 after graduating from Harvard Law School ,  his background isn ' t in marketing ,  which is what ' s needed to pump new life into tired  lines  .         When he spoke to analysts last week in Florida ,  Mr .  Richman was enthusiastic about line extensions ,  which are new versions of existing brands .  
 But some analysts scoffed that he seemed to have just discovered a strategy that other food giants have used for years .     A Kraft spokesman said ,  however ,  that no matter what other companies have done ,  Kraft still has room for  line  extensions because it hasn ' t used that strategy much .  
 Coleco said Cabbage Patch Kids sales underwent a 62% decline in 1986 to about $230 million from $600 million a year earlier .     Moreover ,  toys introduced by Coleco in 1986 -- including its Rambo ,  Furskins and Wrinkles  lines  of toys -- didn ' t do much to offset Coleco ' s declining sales .  
 But Saint Laurent also is selling the Charles of the Ritz and Alexandra de Markoff brands ,  which are more prestigious .     Aside from Saint Laurent products ,  the only significant  line  it is retaining is one called Gianni Versace .  
 For fiscal 1986 ,  Litton had net income of $71 . 1 million ,  or $2 . 52 a share ,  on sales of $4 . 52 billion .     Litton didn ' t break out pre-tax profit by segment ,  although its Industrial Systems and Services  line  ,  of which the Resources group is part ,  had a loss of $30 . 5 million .  
 More than half the Industrial Systems and Services revenue came from the oil-service business .         Litton said it hasn ' t any plans to shed the petroleum services  lines  ,  and added that the venture with Dresser  " represents an expansion of the business .  "     Litton said the Atlas division of Dallas-based Dresser is involved with oil well logging (measuring) services that would complement Litton ' s current seismic exploration ,  reservoir description ,  core analysis and data interpretation lines .  
   Hyundai Motor America said it raised the base price on its Excel subcompact car  line  an average of 2 . 1% .  
 He said that for every quarter in which the FCC fails to make a decision ,  the company ' s earnings will be reduced .     However ,  he said that even if the FCC didn ' t certify the readers ,  and the company was forced to eliminate the  line  ,  Checkpoint still wouldn ' t sustain a loss .  
 Friday ' s close of $6 . 375 ,  down 12 . 5 cents ,  indicates the market currently values the company at about $164 million ,  representing a loss in market value of $254 million since June .         The company ' s losses are mainly the result of the costs of expansion ,  some poor performing merchandise  lines  and its entry in the Southwest market ,  where retailers are suffering from the ripple effects of the energy slump .  
 Ross Stores said it will close 25 underperforming stores ,  mostly located in the depressed energy states ,  and open 10 new stores in other existing markets .     Charges related to the closures and to discontinued merchandise  lines  will result in a pre-tax fourth period charge of $40 million ,  the company said .  
 Bally ' s drive into the hotel-casino industry has made health clubs an increasingly awkward fit ,  analysts said ,  and thus the most likely candidate for divestiture .     By shedding the health-club  line  ,  Bally could focus on its remaining operations -- gambling machines ,  state lotteries and amusement centers .  
 The charge produced a big loss in 1984 .     And some investors ,  nervous that health clubs also are a fad business ,  question whether Bally isn ' t building up a  line  that could collapse just as quickly .  
 BRIEFS: University of Louisville President Donald Swain becomes the first university president to head a local chamber of commerce .   .   .   .     White chocolate is one of three flavors offered in Neiman-Marcus ' s chocolate-flavored toothpaste  line  .  
 For a short time ,  they will donate a few cents from each sale to a charity .     But Scott Paper Co .  has carried the idea further by creating a  line  of seven products ,  a portion of whose sales always go to charity .  
 After six months in tests in the Western U . S .  ,  Scott says Helping Hand is on target ,  having contributed $600 , 000 of its first-year goal of $1 million .      " We ' re able to afford the donations because of the marketing efficiencies of advertising the entire  line  as one brand ,  "  says Don Dietrich ,  a Scott executive .  
 It cited Tyco ' s Double Dough Doer and Flower Makin '  Basket extrusion toys .         Also named in the suit was Glad Inc .  ,  a closely held New York company that Kenner Parker said helped design Tyco ' s  line  .  
 Mr .  Young ,  Hewlett-Packard ' s chief executive ,  said ,   " Our goal is to manage expenses so that they grow at a slower rate than revenue ,  while maintaining our commitment to new-product development and support .  "         Hewlett-Packard has said it will ship a newly designed  line  of business minicomputers ,  its models 930 and 950 ,  during the second half of calendar 1987 ,  a deadline being closely watched by investors and customers alike .  
 Net income in the year-earlier period included a tax credit of $20 . 6 million .         Mattel has said that lower domestic demand for its Masters of the Universe  line  of toys was one factor troubling the company in 1986 .  
 Kodak even launched its own blimp in Japan to counter Fuji ' s green blimp that flies at special events in the U . S .         Fuji has upstaged Kodak in the past ,  most notably in 1983 when it introduced a new  line  of films shortly before Kodak unveiled its new film .  
 The unit had 1986 sales of about $362 million .         The third main  line  of the wholesale distribution group ,  Amfac Health Care ,  which distributes pharmaceuticals ,   " has turned the corner toward profitability ,  "  the company said .  
 Terms of the sale by the Baker Oil Tools Inc .  unit to Trico ,  a maker of petroleum industry equipment ,  weren ' t disclosed .     Baker International has said ,  however ,  that it expects proceeds from sale of the pump business and of Baker ' s tricone rock bit  line  to total as much as $75 million .     A Baker spokesman said that the drilling bit line is  " substantially larger "  than the pump business ,  and that discussions with  " several interested parties "  about the drilling bit operation are continuing .  
 A Baker spokesman said that the drilling bit  line  is  " substantially larger "  than the pump business ,  and that discussions with  " several interested parties "  about the drilling bit operation are continuing .         As previously reported ,  the Justice Department had warned that it would sue to block the proposed merger unless the two Baker lines were sold .  
 Moreover ,  the new AT&T machines come as many manufacturers -- led by Compaq -- are moving to a new generation of machines based on the far more powerful Intel 80386 microchip .         AT&T ' s new machines ,  priced from $3 , 045 to $5 , 795 depending on features ,  aren ' t much cheaper than the IBM  line  and don ' t use AT&T ' s Unix operating system ,  which it has been pushing as a new industry standard .  
 A Polaroid spokesman said the Cambridge ,  Mass . -based company sold 4 . 3 million instant cameras last year ,  an 800 , 000 increase from 1985 ,  and that sales of the company ' s new Spectra camera ,  introduced in April ,  accounted for the bulk of the increase .      " Spectra was the big gun in terms of (the increase in camera) units sold ,  and Spectra sold for more money than our other camera  lines  ,  "  he said .  
 Fixed-income funds should attract the lion ' s share of sales but some say by a lower margin than past years because of low rates .         NEW TOYS ABOUND ,  many of them high tech ,  as fantasy  lines  decline .  
  " This year is likely to see a record number of new products from the major companies ,  "  says analyst David Liebowitz of American Securities Corp .     One reason: the peaking of several important toy  lines  ,  including Cabbage Patch dolls ,  Transformers and Masters of the Universe .  
 Results also were depressed somewhat by the timing of the completion last November of VF ' s acquisition of Blue Bell Holding Co .  ,  which had the effect of incorporating seasonally depressed December sales of some Blue Bell units .     VF ' s own jeans  line  ,  the Lee brand ,  also experienced some sluggishness .  
 SYSTEM SOFTWARE ASSOCIATES INC .  said it completed its initial offering of 1 , 357 , 100 common shares at $13 each .     The Chicago-based company develops ,  markets and supports an integrated  line  of business application software for certain International Business Machines Corp .  computers .  
 These divisions include Bassett Walker ,  a maker of sweat suits and related apparel; Vanity Fair ,  a lingerie maker; and Modern Globe ,  an underwear maker .         Mr .  Pugh said VF has completed its integration of Blue Bell ' s apparel operations and now is working on  " reestablishing the identity "  of the Wrangler jeans brand while continuing to expand market share for Rustler ,  Blue Bell ' s other jeans  line  .  
 Reebok ' s chief financial officer attributed the activity to positive reaction to the company ' s products at a sporting goods trade show over the weekend .      " Some skepticism that might have existed about the company ' s ability to keep (growth) going was removed by the positive response to our footwear and our apparel  line  ,  "  he said .  
 The group makes hydraulic devices ,  largely for use in road equipment ,  and material-handling machinery used in airports .     Whittaker is involved in a restructuring program designed to help the company focus on its technology and chemicals  lines  .  
 Saturn has its own engineering ,  design and marketing staffs .     Similarly ,  3M Co .  allows its employees to spend as much as 15% of their time on independent development projects ,  one of which became the phenomenally successful  line  of  " Post-it "  products .  
 Now ,  in what Mrs .  Medrich calls  " that wonderful American phenomenon where a small idea gets institutionalized by the establishment ,  "  traditional chocolate purveyors are rushing to get on the bandwagon .         See ' s Candy Shops ,  a San Francisco-based chain whose logo is a grandmotherly white-haired woman added a truffle  line  last year and plans to expand it .  
 But a counter trend may be setting in .     Campbell ' s Godiva unit ,  the brand that started it all ,  has introduced a more American  line  .  
 AT&T expects that its cost-cutting program won ' t begin producing results until at least next year .     Chairman James Olson said that vital to the firm ' s growth are long-distance service and its computer  line  .  
 The broad claims made by the patent holders in the two current disputes have stirred criticism .      " You just don ' t patent a whole product ,  "  says Alan Shugart ,  chairman of Seagate Technology ,  which has just unveiled a  line  of 3 1/2-inch drives and which freely trades its patents on specific parts of older 5 1/4-inch drives .  
 It declined to elaborate .         The maker of medical diagnostic tests and instruments said the restructuring is designed to enhance its position in the immunodiagnostics markets ,  and to reduce its emphasis on some clinical chemistry products by discontinuing certain  lines  .  
   Digital Equipment Corp .  ,  as expected ,  introduced two low-priced computers in its VAX  line  .  
 But longer term ,  the stripped-down model should  " generate more business for big machines .  "         The model 14se is a single-processor version of the Cray X-MP  line  and comes with four million words of memory ,  equivalent to about 34 , 000 kilobytes .  
 Some analysts suggest that Puma might have been putting too much emphasis on Mr .  Becker; his court performances were showing signs of being the prime mover in Puma stock trading last year .         Still ,  Puma is gearing up its Becker campaign this year by installing  " Boris Becker Shops "  in 1 , 000 U . S .  retail sports stores ,  featuring the complete  line  of Puma ' s tennis and casual wear .  
 Sales for U . S .  Sears stores open more than one year grew only 2 . 7% .     New York-based J . C .  Penney Co .  ' s comparable-store sales dropped 2 . 4% ,  in part because of its strategy of phasing out less profitable  lines  ,  such as sportings goods ,  said Jeffrey Edelman ,  an analyst for Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc .  
   Digital Equipment is expected to unveil next week low-cost computers and workstations in its popular VAX  line  .  
 That ' s right ,  Israeli .     This spring ,  Americans will get their first taste of a  line  of 25 gourmet food and beverage products made by several different companies in Israel but all marketed under the newly created brand name Betavon .  
 While competitors are impressed with the stylish new Chevrolet Corsica and Beretta compacts ,  GM officials concede that half their sales could come at the expense of other GM compacts .     Meanwhile ,  GM won ' t launch its  line  of aerodynamic midsized cars until the fall .  
   Digital Equipment Corp .  is expected next week to unveil low-priced computers and workstations in its popular VAX  line  that will make the company much more competitive with other makers of engineering computers .  
 She said many customers who use larger Digital systems also will buy the low-priced VAX computers because they can run the same software the larger systems do .         Digital said it has scheduled a news conference in Boston for next Tuesday to announce  " two new major additions to "  its VAX  line  .  
 -- The Proton Saga .     This Malaysian-built compact is to be the second car  line  imported by Global Motors .  
 Most people would stay away from it .  "         Mr .  Nordmann also suggested that American Home probably would be better off buying a company with a stronger prescription-drug  line  and more patents .  
 TRW also said it received a record volume of contract awards last year .         In late 1985 ,  TRW began a restructuring that involved selling businesses -- mainly aircraft parts and industrial products -- with annual sales of about $800 million ,  pruning back remaining  lines  to their most profitable products and a general cost-reduction effort .  
 Net for the year rose 57% to $202 . 5 million ,  or $4 . 36 a share .     That compares with the prior year ' s $129 . 1 million ,  or $2 . 68 a share ,  which included $5 . 9 million of profit from discontinued  lines  and a $3 million gain from the sale of much of the Formica brand products group ' s business .  
 An Oscar Mayer spokesman said the status of the employees hasn ' t been determined .         Cargill ' s accord follows an industry trend in which the big packers are expanding into the meat  lines  that are being abandoned by less efficient operators .  
 Ball also said the venture should have a  " positive impact "  on future earnings .         The venture will manufacture Ball ' s consumer glass products ,  including its home canning  line  ,  but only Ball will sell them .  
 In composite American Stock Exchange trading ,  Atari shares closed at $20 . 125 ,  up 12 . 5 cents .         Industry analysts say the company ' s strong performance indicates its ST  line  of computers is establishing itself in the crowded PC marketplace .     Introduced in 1985 ,  the ST machines ,  which aren ' t compatible with any other line of PCs ,  are garnering a large enough user base ,  analysts said ,  to induce software writers to create programs for the computers .  
 Mattel says it has the exclusive right to call its toys  " slime ,  "  and is seeking to enjoin Hasbro from using the name and an unspecified amount in punitive damages .     Mattel introduced its self-described  " glop "  in 1976 ,  then repacked the unctuous matter a few years ago as  " Slime Pit ,  "  which it sold as an accessory to its Masters of the Universe  line  of toys .  
 In addition ,  DeBartolo has a seven-year option giving it rights of first refusal on the sale of Jordan Marsh-New England ,  The Bon ,  and Jordan Marsh-Florida .     These  lines  ,  and the Stern ' s department store chain ,  would be the only remaining assets of Allied ,  if Ann Taylor and Brooks Brothers were sold .  
 In contrast ,  domestic manufacturers have offered a wide variety of dealer and consumer incentives over the last several years to spur sales overall as well as on specific slow-selling models .     General Motors Corp .  ,  Ford Motor Co .  and Chrysler Corp .  are currently offering customer rebates or low-interest financing on many car  lines  .  
   Stratus Computer Inc .  introduced a more powerful  line  of fault-tolerant computers designed to rapidly handle many transactions from distant terminals .  
 Stratus computers are used by many brokerage firms and stock exchanges to handle securities quotes and customer accounts data .         Stratus said the new XA2000  line  includes five systems with prices from $261 , 000 to $1 . 1 million .  
 Kimberly-Clark attributed most of the increase to lower research ,  advertising ,  promotion and selling expenses .     The company said the 1985 fourth-quarter research expenses were  " abnormally high "  because of work on a new  line  of thin ,  superabsorbent Huggies-brand diapers ,  launched in 1986 ,  and other feminine and personal care products .  
 The new computer is part of Hewlett-Packard ' s attempts to refit the internal architecture of its new computers to make them much more powerful .     The Spectrum  line  has been under development for five years at a cost of more than $250 million ,  in what the company calls the largest project it has ever undertaken .  
 The Toledo plant is one of the older operating auto plants in the country ,  with some of the buildings dating back to the turn of the century .     As is the case in Wisconsin ,  AMC is seeking some help from state government in financing the Toledo project in part because it has been incurring high costs to start up production of a new  line  of mid-sized cars at a new plant in Bramalea ,  Ontario .  
 However ,  continuing strength of the VHS video format and the introduction of VHS-C ,  a popular compact system backed by such major companies as General Electric Co .  ' s RCA Corp .  unit and Zenith Electronics Corp .  ,  have slowed the momentum of 8-mm .         Kodak denied that it planned to discontinue the  line  ,  but some industry analysts indicated the move was likely .  
 Mr .  Buckner said ETA could produce perhaps $60 million in revenue this year ,  but probably no profit before 1989 .         Despite intense competitive pressures on the company ' s mainframe and data-storage products businesses ,  Mr .  Price said Control Data intends to retain both  lines  .  
 Computer Memories officials couldn ' t be reached for comment .     In July ,  the company said it had stopped production and had hired investment bankers to either sell the company or acquire other  lines  .  
 The Boeing Commercial spokesman said that the company now is concentrating on a two-aisle ,  150-seat configuration for the 7J-7 .     The proposed 100-seat 737 model ,  being a derivative of the current  line  of aircraft ,  could be ready to fly years earlier .  
 Buick ,  Oldsmobile ,  and Pontiac announced discounts of up to $1 , 200 on options .     Those programs last through April 30 ,  and cover about 73% of Buick ' s  line  ,  84% of Oldsmobile ' s ,  and 92% of Pontiac ' s .  
 GM ,  on the other hand ,  had too much capacity ,  which became a drag on earnings last year .         Ford ' s performance also was fueled by the success of its new Taurus and Sable  line  of midsized cars .  
 It expanded in the U . S .  last year by buying Canada Dry and Sunkist drinks from RJR Nabisco Inc .  and acquiring a 30% stake in closely held Dr Pepper Co .  Ironically ,  General Cinema once owned Sunkist but sold it in 1984 to R . J .  Reynolds ,  since renamed RJR Nabisco .     General Cinema is primarily a Pepsi-Cola bottler in the U . S .  but it also handles Dr Pepper and Sunkist  lines  .  
 Jack Nicklaus ' s problems reflect the hazards many athletes face as they try to turn their sports careers into financial security .         The entrance to Golden Bear ' s headquarters in North Palm Beach is distinctive ,  adorned with golf clubs and bags ,  photos of Mr .  Nicklaus in action ,  his signature clothing  lines  and the golfer ' s books (in English ,  French and Japanese) .  
   International Business Machines Corp .  unveiled two models in its Sierra mainframe  line  and increased the power of its existing mainframes ,  while cutting prices on some of those units .  
 Reebok has stayed hot by continually expanding its product  line  .     Although the company initially depended solely on soft-leather aerobic shoes in flashy ,  pastel colors ,  it introduced men ' s basketball shoes in early 1986 ,  a line of men ' s and women ' s sportswear in the spring and a new line of children ' s nonathletic shoes called Weeboks last fall .  
 That gave Reebok about 15% (unit volume) of the U . S .  basketball shoe market in 1986 ,  making it third after Nike Inc .  and Converse Inc .  ,  according to Smart Inc .  ,  a market research firm .     Reebok said ,  however ,  that the woman ' s basketball shoe it introduced in March wasn ' t as successful as the men ' s  line  .  
 Sales of the company ' s children ' s athletic shoes also rose sharply ,  as did running-shoe sales ,  despite sluggishness in that industry .         Sales of Reebok ' s apparel  line  -- including tennis wear ,  aerobic and fitness clothing introduced in March -- added slightly more than $40 million to 1986 sales .  
 The Diamond Star assembly plant in Normal ,  Ill .  ,  is scheduled for completion in the spring of 1988 .     The company said it will introduce a new  line  of passenger cars in the 1989 model year .  
   Hewlett-Packard Co .  ,  in a bid to boost market share for its redesigned  line  of minicomputers ,  said it lopped 28% off the price of its recently introduced HP 9000 Model 840 technical workstations .  
   Hewlett-Packard said it cut 28% off the price of its recently introduced Model 840 technical workstation ,  an auspicious move for its redesigned  line  of minicomputers .  
 But IBM also had some problems that it could have addressed .     IBM said sales were disappointing for its midrange computer  lines  ,  which have been criticized for being incompatible ,  and it said sales were flat in personal computers ,  where imitators have managed to undercut IBM ' s prices .  
 Just yesterday ,  Maynard ,  Mass . -based Digital Equipment Corp .  announced that it entered the mainframe market with products clearly aimed at IBM .         Analysts also say that IBM products to address its problems with its midrange and personal computer  lines  won ' t help until at least the second half ,  and possibly not until next year .  
 Intermedics '  fourth-quarter loss from continuing operations was $22 . 1 million ,  compared with a year-ago loss from continuing operations of $13 . 3 million .         For the year ,  Intermedics posted a loss from continuing operations of $17 . 7 million ,  compared with a loss from continuing  lines  of $19 . 6 million a year earlier .  
 It hasn ' t been very successful so far in getting orders for its telecommunications equipment ,  and last year it lost an important order for telephone switches in Japan to Northern Telecom Ltd .  ,  the Canadian telecommunications equipment company .         Separately ,  AT&T said it is cutting prices between 12% and 17% on its PC 6300 personal computers ,  the second time it has cut prices on machines in that  line  in the last six months .  
 The company isn ' t expected to contract for production of any more Unix PCs this year because the machine hasn ' t sold well .     Sales of the 6300  line  also have been below expectations recently .  
 Johnson ,  meantime ,  hasn ' t been sitting by idly .     It recently developed two  line  extensions -- a baby conditioner and conditioning formula shampoo -- to appeal to older children .  
   Minnetonka Inc .  said it and its West German partner agreed to sell the unprofitable Check-Up toothpaste  line  .  
 Minnetonka has operated the Check-Up business in a joint venture with Henkel Corp .  ,  the U . S .  subsidiary of Henkel KGaA ,  Dusseldorf ,  West Germany .         Minnetonka introduced the Check-Up  line  with much fanfare in 1984; it was the first toothpaste introduced in the U . S .  with a pump .  
 Amdahl ,  a mainframe maker ,  yesterday reported that fourth-quarter net income doubled on a 31% revenue rise .     Amdahl expects its 1987 revenue to grow more than 15% -- compared with little or no growth for the overall mainframe market -- because of a new  line  of computers .  
 Computer Associates has grown rapidly by focusing on a part of the software market called systems utilities ,  which let data processing centers manage their operations more efficiently .     It has also made a series of acquisitions to broaden its  line  of business software ,  adding such products as a spreadsheet and a word processor .  
 Anyway ,   " the standard now exists independently of IBM ,  "  suggests Rod Canion ,  Compaq president .         As these companies see it ,  the IBM PC  line  of computers is by now so entrenched and so much software has been written for it ,  that even if IBM were to stop making computers tomorrow others would pick up the IBM standard .  
 Kirk Roden ,  sales manager at the MicroAge store in Berkeley ,  Calif .  ,  says industry rumors have IBM altering the keyboard ,  the graphics and perhaps the basic operations of the 386 chip ,  which might require a different operating system .     IBM might make these proprietary features hard to duplicate ,  if only because it has taken a beating from low-priced clones that copied its PC  line  .  
 The company ' s new  lines  of high-fiber ,  low-cholesterol muffins ,  which were introduced last summer ,   " look good ,  "  said Mr .  Bryan .         The muffins are among several lines of new products the company is testing that fit its expansion into products that are  " convenient and perceived as being good for you ,  "  Mr .  Bryan said .     For example ,  Sara Lee plans to offer a new line of French bread this spring or summer ,  he said .  
 But the new  lines  of health-conscious products don ' t mean that Sara Lee will abandon its sugary cakes and rolls; the sweeter products are selling well too ,  he added .         Unit volume of Sara Lee ' s meat lines ,  including its Jimmy Dean sausage and biscuit products ,  rose 6% in the quarter ,   " on the low side of the increases we ' ve been running ,  "  said Mr .  Bryan .  
   Wang Laboratories Inc .  introduced three minicomputers to fill a gap in the middle of its computer  line  .  
 Drew Peck ,  analyst for Gartner Securities ,  predicts Intel will earn $58 million ,  or 50 cents a share ,  for the year ,  on revenue of $1 . 5 billion .     Mr .  Peck said Intel should begin seeing benefits from cost cuts made last year ,  and he expects a strong showing from the microprocessor  lines  .  
 All American ' s Budget Gourmet brand has within three years captured 13 . 5% of the $3 billion frozen single-dish market .     And it has grabbed 6 . 6% of the $1 billion frozen dinner market with a  line  launched only last January .  
 The result ,  he says:  " Fairly easy pickings .  "         Budget Gourmet has found a niche between Campbell ' s expensive Le Menu  line  and its cheaper but lower-quality Swanson TV dinners .     New production facilities help keep costs down ,  and All American goes another step by skipping Le Menu ' s plastic plates or the boil-in bags used by Nestle ' s Stouffer ' s line .  
 Terms weren ' t disclosed .         Maytag ,  which makes kitchen appliances and laundry products ,  said it sold Toastmaster ,  which makes small appliances ,  to focus on its core  lines  .  
 In Troy ,  Mich .  ,  a K mart Corp .  spokesman said Toys  " R "  Us ' s cuts may affect the No .  2 retailer .      " You ' re certainly not going to sit there with higher-priced items ,  "  he said of K mart ,  a major competitor of Toys  " R "  Us in toy  lines  .  
 Yet rivals Amdahl and National Semiconductor are expected to boost shipments of IBM-compatible mainframes to a combined 500 machines from only 100 last year ,  cutting into IBM ' s sales of the multimillion-dollar systems .     And IBM ' s new and much-ballyhooed  line  of midrange systems ,  where it has been hurting most ,  won ' t be shipped in big quantities until the second half .  
 Tommy Thompson ,  Wisconsin ' s newly elected Republican governor ,  said yesterday that Chrysler also would invest an amount that he didn ' t disclose ,  if AMC begins its renovation plan .         An AMC spokesman said that the auto maker needs help from Wisconsin to finance the venture in large part because it has been bearing significant costs to get under way production this year of a new  line  of Renault-designed ,  midsized cars at a new plant in Bramalea ,  Ontario .  
 He said he ' s  " cautiously optimistic "  about getting legislative approval for the financing .     He said Jan .  25 is the deadline for such approval and for AMC to convince state officials that the company can develop the new Jeep  line  .  
 Cooper ,  a maker of tools and compression and drilling equipment ,  declined to disclose the value of the transaction .         Cooper said the purchase of Sutorbilt Corp .  and DuroFlow Corp .  will complement its  line  of blowers ,  air compressors and pumps .  
 What those fans have been watching is the latest video made by a professional sports team: the Browns '   " Masters of the Gridiron .  "     Although the team ' s loss to the Denver Broncos Sunday has already hurt sales of the 17-minute film ,  the video has earned a reputation as the strangest production in a  line  of videos that began last year with the Chicago Bears '   " Super Bowl Shuffle .  "  
 New York Telephone and its ad agency ,  Young & Rubicam Inc .  ,  have gone the furthest in pitching  " brands "  of calls .     The phone company says that the ads '  creators even borrowed ideas from greeting cards to compile its extensive brand  line  .  
   Bayly Corp .  said it signed a licensing agreement to make and market Cherokee Group ' s  line  of men ' s and boys '  apparel .  
 Bayly Corp .  said it signed a licensing agreement to make and market Cherokee Group ' s  line  of men ' s and boys '  apparel .         James Argyropoulos ,  chairman and chief executive officer of North Hollywood ,  Calif . -based Cherokee ,  said Bayly will pay his company a 5% royalty on net sales of the line .  
 More recently ,  several other leading tire producers also have narrowed their activities .     As a result of a takeover effort by Sir James Goldsmith ,  the Anglo-French financier ,  industry leader Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co .  is selling aerospace ,  wheel manufacturing ,  real estate and energy  lines  .  
 Among its firsts: low-fat milk ,  introduced in Britain in 1981 .         Sainsbury isn ' t alone; retailer Marks & Spencer PLC ' s St .  Michael brand may be Britain ' s most popular label ,  adorning food ,  clothing ,  bedding and a new  line  of classical recordings .  
   Whittaker Corp .  said it completed the sale of its health maintenance organization  line  to Travelers Corp .  for a total of $48 million .  
 West Point-Pepperell said Cluett ,  Peabody & Co .  ,  an apparel concern acquired in January 1986 ,  contributed $193 million to sales and $2 . 9 million to net income .     Cluett ' s contribution came primarily from its shirt and hosiery group ,  while performance in other  lines  -- including tailored clothing and childrens wear -- was less robust reflecting softer retail demand .  
 As with other types of liability insurance ,  an extended price war among writers of coverage for directors and officers helped to make the business unprofitable over the past few years .     And even more than in other  lines  ,  claims ballooned far beyond expectations .  
 Also ,  the company will launch a number of major new products or push existing products into new markets ,  he said .         The Stouffer Foods unit recently introduced a  line  of frozen complete dinners under the name Dinner Supreme .     Previously ,  Stouffer Foods offered many entrees ,  including the Lean Cuisine low-calorie line ,  but didn ' t have complete dinners .  
 The division is planning to add fender extensions and make other styling changes on the 1988 model of the Eldorado; the changes are intended to make the car look less like related Buick and Oldsmobile models .         Yesterday ' s action will give GM  " more distinction between car  lines  ,  "  Mr .  Hoglund said .  
 A closer look at Lukens illustrates differences as well as similarities with big steel .     A medium-sized specialty steelmaker ,  Lukens has carved out a modestly profitable niche churning out an expansive  line  of a single product-steel plates -- in addition to some products for the electrical equipment and construction markets .  
 Mr .  Smith said that  " delivering high quality products "  eventually would prove to Wall Street and the public that  " what we did was right .  "         At his news conference ,  Mr .  Smith also was peppered with questions from local reporters about whether the Wisconsin Investment Board ' s stance regarding the Perot affair would affect whether GM commits to producing a new  line  of pickup trucks at the company ' s Janesville ,  Wis .  ,  facility .  
 Those stakes ,  IBM said yesterday ,  have been sold back to the companies '  shareholders; IBM wouldn ' t elaborate .         IBM said it formed the instruments unit in 1980 as a way to sell computers to analytical laboratories ,  but later found computer sales fared well without having to sell the instruments  line  .  
 These smaller retailers are adept at exploiting the new consumer niches because they offer depth in a narrow range of products ,  such as toys or appliances .         Many general merchandisers -- Mobil Corp .  ' s Montgomery Ward & Co .  and J . C .  Penney Co .  ,  for example -- have responded by dropping some products to concentrate on fewer  lines  .  
 The amount wasn ' t disclosed .     Augat disclosed it recently purchased the complete modular connector  line  of Compagnie Teletechnique Moderne S . A .  of Paris .  
 In the first nine months of 1986 ,  the division had operating profit of $43 . 3 million on sales of $522 million .         Much of that improved profit picture was because of the company ' s success with its DeKuyper schnapps  line  .  
   NCR Corp .  plans to unveil today a  line  of computer systems for retailers that incorporate recent advances in design intended to prevent system failures .  
 Great Atlantic & Pacific Tea Co .  ' s 300 Super Fresh Food Markets ,  which trimmed wages but gave workers some say in running stores and bonuses when sales revenues increase ,  are  " the most successful part of our company ,  "  says A&P Vice President Michael Rourke .     A&P recently converted stores to the Super Fresh  line  in Minnesota ,  Maryland ,  Virginia and Washington ,  D . C .  
 Trico said that upon signing of a definitive agreement ,  it will withdraw the  " poison pill "  shareholder rights plan it adopted last month .         A Paccar spokesman said the company thinks Trico ' s operations will make  " a good fit "  with the company ' s current  lines  .  
 Valtek ,  based in Springville ,  Utah ,  manufactures automatic control valves and valve actuators for the chemical process industry .     These products complement Duriron ' s  line  of valves ,  pumps and filtration equipment .  
 Esquire Magazine Group ' s remaining unit ,  the press and video division ,  was acquired by a group of shareholders ,  including its management .     The division publishes books and produces a  line  of how-to videocassettes .  
 A few will be wildly successful -- but far more will fail .          " Commercial toy companies might introduce a total of about 40  lines  a year ,  "  says Henry Orenstein ,  the owner of Toy Builders ,  which develops toy ideas and advises toy makers .  
  " At least 25% of the rest will be flops .  "         Crystal Starr is the central character in a  line  of dolls called  " Moondreamers ,  "  which Hasbro has spent two years developing .  
 The illustrator suggested a cast of characters called  " Moon Beamers ,  "  who live in  " Starry Up "  and send dreams full of fun and adventure to children on earth .         A  line  of mini-doll characters is hardly unique .     Kenner Parker Toys '  Strawberry Shortcake and similar lines sold by rival toy companies have been around for several years .  
 The toy maker also decided to aim the doll at little girls; thus ,  all but one of the original story ' s male characters were changed to females .      " You don ' t sell (a  line  of) little boys to girls ,  "  explains Roseann Radosevich ,  design director for dolls at Hasbro .  (But Bucky Buckaroo ,  a space cowboy ,  remained male to add an element of romance . ) 
 From start to finish ,  the costumes took eight months to complete in bulk .         Finally ,  confident it had a winner after nearly a year of development ,  Hasbro gave a sneak preview of the five-doll  line  to four top toy retailers in September 1985 .  
 Encouraged ,  Hasbro marketers and designers went back to the drawing board .     They enlarged the  line  to nine dolls to give it more variety .  
 About 59 , 200 fewer shares were outstanding in fiscal 1986 .         The 1986 results reflect significant declines in sales of wood finishes and maintenance and marine coatings ,  but a  " strong performance "  by the coatings  lines  Valspar acquired from Mobil Corp .  in 1984 ,  Mr .  Wurtele said .  
 Beatrice Cos .  purchased Ozarka in Texas ,  Arrowhead in California and Great Bear in the Northeast and now is the nation ' s largest bottled water company .     And McKesson Corp .  ,  the nation ' s second-largest water bottler ,  is considering adding a sparkling water to its still water  lines  .  
 Tonka Corp .  said Hasbro Inc .  has dropped its suit challenging Tonka ' s new SuperNaturals holographic toys .         As previously reported ,  Pawtucket ,  R . I . -based Hasbro ,  a toy and game maker ,  and New York-based Abrams/Gentile Entertainment Inc .  ,  accused Tonka of misappropriating information about a  " secret "  concept for a toy  line  .  
 For example ,  although Hasbro ,  the biggest toy maker ,  also markets board games and other  " gender-neutral "  items ,  it organizes its biggest sellers strictly along sex-role  lines  .     Its wholesale catalog features a Girls Toys line that includes Real Baby and Get in Shape ,  Girl !  exercise kits .     The Boys Toys line includes Transformers and Inhumanoids -- small ,  hard-plastic characters that in a dollhouse might be considered dolls but in an imaginary war zone are known as  " action figures .  "  
 Moreover ,  the Fed said that even if such commercial paper activity were covered by the Glass-Steagall Act ,  banks wouldn ' t be considered to be violating the law ,  which prohibits them from being  " engaged principally "  in underwriting securities ,  so long as they follow certain guidelines .         The guidelines ,  spelled out in the Fed ' s decision ,  are designed to ensure that the securities activities are  " only an insubstantial  line  of activity .  "  
 Creative Black Book publishes a directory of creative services used primarily by art directors in advertising agencies and by television producers .     Macmillan ,  which is involved in educational publishing and information services ,  said it purchased the directory to extend  " the  line  of informational products targeted to the advertising industry .  "  
 A Seagram spokesman said ,   " We don ' t comment on rumors .  "         The company is said to be interested in selling certain of its domestic brands ,  which include Taylor California Cellars ,  Taylor Wine Co .  of New York ,  Paul Masson ,  Gold Seal Vineyards ,  the Monterey Vineyard  line  and Sterling Vineyards .  
 Caesars World Inc .  is betting it has a nose for upscale fragrances .         The hotel and casino operator said its merchandising subsidiary has retained Roth/Horner & Associates ,  a Beverly Hills ,  Calif .  ,  concern that designed and marketed the successful Giorgio perfume  line  ,  to develop a new line of men ' s and women ' s fragrances .  
 Mr .  Sobel said these products ,  to appear on the market in the next eight months ,  will initially be sold at retail shops at the company ' s seven resorts ,  and then by direct mail .         Caesars said it hopes eventually to have a complete  line  of toiletries ,  including soaps ,  shampoos and other products .  
 Not all manufacturers are relying on productivity improvements to strengthen their positions .     Parker Manufacturing Corp .  ,  for one ,  is adding a flashier ,   " high-fashion "  look to its traditional  line  of conservatively styled costume jewelry .  
 Rubbermaid Inc .  said it agreed with analysts '  projections that it will earn 95 cents a share to 96 cents a share in 1986 ,  compared with 79 cents a share last year .         Last year ,  the maker of household and commercial products ,  toys and other  lines  earned $57 . 1 million on sales of $671 . 4 million .  
 He said that analysts '  projections that the company was purchased for $30 million are  " in the ballpark .  "         However ,  he says he expects 30% of sales each year will come from new products -- defined as products developed internally that weren ' t part of Rubbermaid ' s  line  five years earlier ,  and not including line extensions ,  which merely modify style or design .  
 Among the new products Rubbermaid is introducing are modular home office products ,  just now being shipped ,  and molded outdoor furniture ,  under the new brand name Sundial ,  which will be introduced in early 1987 .     Mr .  Gault said orders for both  lines  are  " very encouraging .  "  
 Mr .  Gault said orders for both  lines  are  " very encouraging .  "         Rubbermaid is in the process of expanding its international business beyond the housewares lines that now make up the bulk of it and it is moving into new territories .  
  " The only way to go is up .  "         RECENTLY ,  Lister Butler designed a paper bag decorated with an  " aristocratic "  ribbon and gold coat of arms to launch a  line  of deluxe candy from Nestle .  
  " The premium segment belongs more to Pepperidge Farm .  "         AWARE OF such pitfalls ,  marketers are closely monitoring consumer reaction to expensive  line  extensions .  
 In year ended June 30 ,  Lear earned $55 . 5 million ,  or $3 . 02 a share ,  compared with $100 . 7 million ,  or $5 . 51 a share ,  the year earlier .     Sales rose to $2 . 46 billion from $2 . 37 billion ,  but the company ' s aerospace business and its Piper Aircraft business-plane  line  performed poorly .  
 The unit prospered last year from the now-past fad for safari clothes and accessories .     Others wonder whether Gap ,  which enjoyed a startling turnaround two years ago after hiring marketing expert Millard S .  Drexler ,  may have made a misstep when it recently moved away from some of the  lines  that brought it out of obscurity .  
 The complaint alleges that Guinness forced Renfield to be acquired by Mr .  Riklis ,  who controls Schenley .     The suit says Guinness did this to pay Mr .  Riklis back for his purported assistance during Guinness ' s 1986 takeover of Distillers Co .  According to the suit ,  Mr .  Riklis was able to buy Renfield  " at a price far less than its fair market value "  because Guinness allegedly had already promised to switch the U . S .  distributorship of its Gordon ' s gin and vodka  line  to Schenley from Renfield .  
 The drug also is being tested for its possible benefits in treating gum disease .         Upjohn is also testing a new  line  of drugs called lazaroids ,  which in animal tests appear to slow deterioration of tissue surrounding a traumatic wound .  
 Mr .  Max ,  who once designed costumes for the Soviet Union ' s Kirov Ballet ,  attended design school in New York and worked for Tahari Ltd .  ,  a New York designer ,  before moving to Los Angeles .     His  lines  ,  which include short skirts and dress and jacket ensembles in soft knits ,  are now in many major department stores .  
 A similar story is being played out in San Francisco .     Four years ago ,  David Weinstein ,  now 39 ,  launched a  line  of simple ,  loose-fitting ,  casual cotton clothing called CP Shades .     The line is now in 30 department stores across the country ,  and wholesale revenue was $40 million in 1986 .  
 Mr .  Weinstein got his start in the apparel business 15 years ago by opening a store called Fresh Pants ,  also in San Francisco .     He sold dyed T-shirts ,  sweat shirts and painters pants ,  but problems with quality eventually convinced him that he should design and manufacture his own  line  of clothing .  
 Some companies say their sales might be higher if they were in New York .     San Francisco-born Eletra Casadei ,  34 ,  designs evening dresses ,  sportswear and a  line  of party gowns called TD4 ( " To die for " ) ,  which are inspired by rock videos .  
 But Gap ' s apparel hasn ' t been selling to the older crowd as well as it has in the past .     And in deemphasizing its teen-age customers ,  Gap didn ' t promote its back-to-school  lines  as heavily as it usually has ,  hurting August sales .  
 I imagine a tough decision like this from the ITC will remind them of the sensitivity of this issue in the U . S .  "         The importation ban covers Samsung ' s  line  of dynamic random access memory chips ,  known as DRAMs ,  as well as computers ,  facsimile machines and certain telecommunications equipment and printers if they contain chips that infringe Texas Instruments patents .  
 A federal judge ,  barely masking his mirth ,  dismissed a copyright-infringement and unjust-enrichment suit brought by two toy-animal designers against Hasbro Inc .  and Walt Disney Co .         The suit ,  filed by Joanne Bloom and Renee Scelia ,  alleged that the  " Wuzzles "  toy  line  introduced by Hasbro and Disney in 1985 infringed on their characters called  " Whats .  "  
 Consider Dean ' s knockoff of the Popsicle produced by Gold Bond Ice Cream Co .  of Green Bay ,  Wis .     When other companies brought out a private-label Popsicle  line  ,  supermarkets asked Dean for another version .  
   Ohio Art Co .  said it will stop distributing Britains Petite Ltd .  ' s  line  of typewriters ,  sewing machines ,  cash registers and other toys ,  effective Jan .  1 .  
 Last year ,  Petite toys represented about 9% of Ohio Art ' s $47 . 4 million in sales .         The Bryan ,  Ohio ,  maker of toys and the Etch A Sketch drawing device said Petite ,  a United Kingdom toy maker ,  plans to handle the distribution and marketing of its own  line  ,  beginning next year .  
 Brockway had previously been the No .  2 producer .         Owens-Illinois had been diversifying in recent years but ,  faced with a threat to its major  line  ,  it became determined to expand in glass containers ,  sources said .  
 Ford Motor Co .  announced tentative base-price increases ,  many of them in the 4%-to-6% range ,  on the 1988 models it ' s currently shipping to dealers .         The price increases cover nearly 70% of the company ' s car  lines  ,  and a spokesman said the auto maker will announce prices on the remaining products in the next few months .  
 Chemical has a major acquisition pending of Horizon Bancorp .  ,  New Jersey ' s fifth-largest bank holding company .         By deciding to sell its Cleveland-based Chemical Financial Services Corp .  unit ,  Chemical is signaling its desire to have a full-service retail banking presence in the regions where it does business ,  not merely one  line  of service ,  analysts said .  
 In 1987 ,  it expects to sell 750 , 000 vehicles here compared with 550 , 000 in Japan .     Honda is forecasting that about 100 , 000 of those U . S .  sales will be from its Acura division ,  up from 52 , 869 in 1986 when it introduced the luxury  line  .  
   The U . S .  unit of Sony Corp .  of Japan introduced a  line  of portable audio products designed for children .  
 The company sold 184 , 378 cars in the U . S .  in the first eight months of this year .         Hyundai introduced its  line  ,  all versions of a subcompact called the Excel ,  in the U . S .  in February 1986 .  
 A strike in Canada could hamper production because the company ' s U . S .  plants depend on parts and assembly work done at Canadian facilities .         Chrysler has scheduled overtime at its St .  Louis No .  2 plant ,  which builds the company ' s popular minivan models ,  and at its Kenosha No .  1 plant in Wisconsin ,  which builds the Dodge Diplomat ,  Plymouth Gran Fury and the luxury Fifth Avenue  lines  .  
 Houdaille made machine tools ,  largely ordered by manufacturers late in the year .     But like many other Big Board-listed concerns ,  Houdaille eventually diversified its  lines  .  
  " We begin to get orders each year in the spring ,  "  asserts a Rauch official .     Professional traders move in to buy the shares in February ,  if they hear good reports of the new Christmas  line  displayed at trade shows .  
 They include several types of missiles ,  and ,  not coincidentally ,  Japan now is focusing its defense research on developing its own missiles -- potential competitors to the U . S . -made Stinger ,  Sidewinder and Harpoon .         U . S .  trade officials say Japan has gone a step further ,  using technology bought in connection with U . S .  arms purchases to broaden its  lines  of commercial aircraft .  
 Its main defense products are radar and heat-seeking missile decoys and communications systems for anti-submarine warfare .     Its commercial  lines  include electronic microscopes and fuses for industrial and electronics products .  
 Together they provide the functions of IBM ' s new PS/2 Model 30 ,  Mr .  Campbell said .         Mr .  Campbell expects that Chips & Technologies will come out with chip sets mimicking the capabilities of other ,  higher-performance models in IBM ' s PS/2  line   " by the end of the year .  "  
 The first machine is designed for multiple simultaneous users via separate terminals in an office network ,  the second for use by a few scientists or engineers .         The new MicroVAX models are likely to provide strong competition for IBM ' s 9370  line  introduced last year -- and internally identified as the  " VAX-killer .  "  
 Kenneth Olsen ,  president of Digital ,  played down the IBM challenge saying ,   " We never thought they needed an answer .  "     However ,  other Digital executives said the new products work as fast as a midrange 9370 but are priced below the bottom of the IBM  line  .  
 It lost nearly $50 million over the past four years ,  and its market value was decimated .         In January ,  as Activision struggled to rebound with a new  line  of PC software ,  Mr .  Levy left his post as chairman amid a falling out with the company ' s board .  
 The pricing of workstations introduced by Digital Equipment yesterday wasn ' t as aggressive as some analysts had anticipated ,  meaning less competition for Apollo ' s and Sun ' s products .     Digital ' s new Microvax is seen as a challenge to International Business Machines '  9370  line  .  
 Tokheim sank 3 1/8 to 27 after the company said earnings for its third quarter ,  ended Aug .  31 ,  were probably below analysts '  projections of between $2 . 6 million and $3 . 3 million ,  or 40 cents to 50 cents a share .     Officials cited slower-than-expected acceptance of a new  line  of its fuel dispensers ,  noting that August sales and earnings were particularly below expectations .  
 Mr .  Ostrander  " has complete knowledge of Aris ' s confidential plans for developing the market for the Comfort Slipper ,  "  as well as  " those suppliers Aris has discovered to be the most efficient and reliable ,  "  the company contends in its suit .         Aris also contends that R . G .  Barry recently introduced a  line  of Foot Soother slippers that are  " a direct copy "  of its Comfort Slipper .  
 The company ' s most infamous recall also was fire related: The 1978 recall of 1 . 7 million Ford Pintos and Mercury Bobcats was to repair a defect that caused fires when gas tanks ruptured in rear-end collisions .         The fuel- line  recall affects some of Ford ' s biggest-selling lines: The Ford Taurus and Mercury Sable midsized cars ,  the compact Ford Escort ,  the Ford F-series and Ranger pickup trucks ,  and the Lincoln Continental and Town Car .  
 Claude P .  Mancel ,  formerly on a special assignment at the technical center ,  was named manager ,  research and development ,  at the center ,  succeeding Mr .  Booth .         Thomas A .  Moore ,  formerly general manager of the Vidal Sassoon hair-products  line  ,  was named manager ,  health and personal care products division ,  succeeding Mr .  Lieppe .     Karen L .  Hendricks ,  formerly associate director ,  product development ,  health and personal care products division ,  was named general manager of the Vidal Sassoon line .  
 In the 1986 fourth quarter ,  Du Pont Canada ,  73%-owned by Du Pont Co .  of Wilmington ,  Del .  ,  earned 28 . 2 million dollars ,  or 88 cents a share ,  after a 13 . 8 million-dollar gain from the sale of a business .         Du Pont and its Canadian unit have agreed to sell the explosives  lines  to CIC Canadian Investment Capital Ltd .  ,  a Toronto financial investment and holding company .  
 Today ,  two West German publishers want to re-create Baedeker ' s past glories .     Volkmar Mair ,  owner of a Stuttgart publishing house ,  and Florian Langenscheidt ,  scion of a Munich publishing empire ,  recently agreed to merge their various rights to the Baedeker name in hopes of engineering a major comeback for the venerable guidebook  line  .  
 Guides in Italian and Hebrew are on the way .         In the U . S .  ,  distributor Simon & Schuster Inc .  says Baedeker ' s is its second bestselling  line  after Arthur Frommer ' s guidebooks .  
 The investment group was led by Leach McMicking & Co .  ,  a San Francisco investment banking firm .         The sale is part of Allied ' s continuing program to concentrate on its aerospace ,  automotive products and engineered materials  lines  ,  a spokesman said .  
 Some dealers and market analysts fear the boom may wane because current owners are starting to have families ,  and thus are looking for bigger vehicles .     Both GM and Ford Motor Co .  ,  which makes the Bronco  line  ,  will address that problem by introducing four-door compacts by 1991 .  
 Mannesmann said group profit also declined in the half ,  but it didn ' t provide figures .     The company cited sluggish demand for capital goods in West Germany ,  continuous losses in its steelpipe  lines  and deteriorating conditions at its big Brazilian unit .  
 While the company so dominates the field that it routinely can pick and choose from the best computer engineers and technicians ,  Mr .  Chen ' s exit will sting .         Cray ' s bestselling X-MP  line  was primarily a Chen product .  
 He ' s apparently  " pulling an Esmark "  again .     Some of Mr .  Kelly ' s doubters ,  including a few Beatrice executives ,  worried that he would be forced to part first with the company ' s crown jewels ,  its domestic food  lines  ,  at fire-sale prices to meet borrowing agreements .  
   American Home Products Corp .  ,  seeking to shore up its contraceptive-products  line  in the face of generic competition ,  agreed to acquire VLI Corp .  for $7 a share ,  or about $86 million .  
 Woolworth has several specialty footwear units including the Foot Locker ,  Lady Foot Locker ,  and the Athletic Shoe Factory .         Mr .  Bryant said clients have also asked him whether some apparel companies might have Korea-related problems because ,  for example ,  they might have arranged to produce an entire  line  in that country .  
 Rick Anguilla ,  editor of Toy and Hobby World ,  said Korean contractors make many of the  " plush "  category of toys ,  such as stuffed animals .     Toy companies with big  " plush "   lines  include Hasbro ,  Russ Berrie ,  Coleco ,  Viewmaster Ideal Group and Tonka .     Coleco has a hot toy based on the  " Alf "  TV show ,  Viewmaster has a new line of  " Michael Jackson ' s Pets ,  "  and Tonka sells  " Pound Puppies ,  "  Mr .  Anguilla noted .  
 Those two account for  " a fairly minor percentage "  of sales and ,  in any case ,  are  " running full steam ,  no problems ,  "  the spokesman added .         Limited Inc .  ,  a high-growth specialty retailer known for designing and subcontracting its own apparel  lines  ,  has been trying to boost the number of its U . S .  contractors in response to the falling dollar and rising import restrictions .  
   American Home plans to buy VLI ,  a maker of contraceptive products ,  in an attempt to bolster its  line  in the face of generic competition .  
 But it ' ll let them establish beachheads in some DEC and IBM accounts .  "         The Unisys source said the machines ,  to be called the A1 ,  the A4 and the A6 ,  will be marketed against the Models 20 ,  40 and 60 respectively of IBM ' s new 9370  line  ,  joining the competition for small-business accounts and for sales to departments in large companies .  
 But Digital also has come up with techniques of its own .     DECworld came about because of concerns that salespeople didn ' t know how extensive the company ' s computer  line  was .  
 According to those familiar with the 6386 machine ,  it will be able to run application programs that use the Unix operating system ,  developed by AT&T ,  concurrently with software running on MS-DOS ,  the Microsoft Corp .  operating system popularized by International Business Machines Corp .         The new system will also run software based on the new OS/2 operating standard for IBM ' s new  line  of personal computers .  
 Accordingly ,  Unilever recently paid $3 . 1 billion for Chesebrough-Pond ' s Inc .  -- the largest acquisition in its history -- in hopes that a home-grown American company would help restore its standing in the U . S .  personal-products business .     Chesebrough-Pond ' s doubles the size of Unilever ' s U . S .  personal-products  line  to $700 million in annual sales .  
 Unilever is still something of a trendsetter in Europe .     For Europeans who are switching from perfume to deodorant ,  Unilever developed a new  line  of strong-smelling  " deo-cologne "  sprays .  
 In addition to stroking customers ,  Digital is expected to introduce several new ,  low-end products that are three times more powerful than their predecessors but won ' t cost Digital any more to build .     And it will reinforce its message that its  line  of VAX computers all run the same software and can easily communicate as a result .  
 Early this year ,  analysts feared that International Business Machines '  increased competitiveness could blunt Digital ' s success .     IBM introduced its 9370  line  of computers ,  which was internally dubbed  " the VAX killer ,  "  and it started promising improved computer communications and low priced departmental computing -- the same attributes that Digital boasts .  
 Moreover ,  Digital has continued to sell equipment in financial and insurance markets that were traditionally IBM ' s bailiwick .         Mr .  Schulman says products introduced at DECworld will give Digital an opportunity to counterattack against the 9370  line  .  
 Proceeds to the company will be used for payment of bank debt ,  working capital ,  plant and equipment expenditures and other general purposes .     Based in Conshohocken ,  Pa .  ,  the company makes and services a  line  of medical ultrasound equipment .  
 Mr .  Gidwitz estimated sales for the quarter ,  ended May 31 ,  rose 15% from $86 . 8 million a year earlier .     He added that costs involved in promoting the new Helene Curtis Salon Selectives  line  are likely to cause a second-quarter loss .  
 Sources put the price at $125 million to $150 million .         At the same time ,  Revlon agreed to sell Bain de Soleil ,  one of the acquired  lines  ,  to Cincinnati-based Procter & Gamble Co .  ' s Richardson-Vicks subsidiary .  
 The companies involved declined to disclose prices on the transactions ,  which have been rumored for some time .         Revlon ' s purchase includes the Charles of the Ritz and Alexandra de Markoff cosmetics  lines  ,  sold in department stores; mass-market lines as such as Jean Nate and Enjoli ,  and Dynasty fragrances .  
 Revlon ' s purchase includes the Charles of the Ritz and Alexandra de Markoff cosmetics  lines  ,  sold in department stores; mass-market lines as such as Jean Nate and Enjoli ,  and Dynasty fragrances .         Revlon Vice Chairman Howard Gittis said Bain de Soleil ,  a sun-care line ,  would be sold because  " we are developing our own sun-care lines ,  beginning with Ultima II .  
 Schering-Plough Corp .  ' s Coppertone has about 30% of the market while Bain de Soleil has about 15% .         Other Richardson-Vicks  lines  include the Vicks brands ,  Sinex and Oil of Olay .  
 He ' s very persistent .  "     Mr .  Perelman has argued that combining Revlon ' s cosmetics products with Gillette ' s personal-care and razor  lines  would create one of the world ' s most formidable consumer-products companies .  
 They hope the new offerings will help lure busy people with more than mundane taste in food back to the supermarket .          " This is for consumers who are too tired to cook and too tired to go out -- or who have no time for either -- but still want a nice dinner ,  "  says Richard G .  Powers ,  the business unit manager of General Foods '  premium Culinova  line  .  
 He figures that a Sara Lee refrigerated dinner for two ,  including a side dish and dessert ,  would run about $14 .     And Sara Lee ' s  line  is among the least expensive .  
 For manufacturers ,  the biggest challenge is coping with the short shelf life of refrigerated products .      " No national food processor yet has introduced a successful  line  of new refrigerated entrees and a lot of money has been spent ,  "  says John Luther ,  a Marketing Corporation of America official .     Last month ,  in fact ,  Campbell Soup withdrew its Fresh Chef line of refrigerated soups ,  sauces and salads from national distribution .  
 Another is what he terms a  " sell-out strategy ,  "  making sure products are sold by a certain date through couponing and other inducements .         (Using the lessons learned from Fresh Chef and an earlier group of refrigerated entrees that never emerged from test market ,  Campbell says it now is testing a new  line  of refrigerated entrees and side dishes) .  
 To prolong shelf life of their products ,  some manufacturers have resorted to novel strategies .     Sara Lee ' s Emmber Brands is rolling out a complete refrigerated  line  called Tonight ' s Choice .  
 So ,  Manhattan Toy ,  with $5 million in annual sales ,  has sued the $1 billion Gerber Products Co .  ,  alleging Gerber has infringed Manhattan Toy ' s copyrights .     After his company began selling its dinosaurs in 1984 through retailers such as Neiman Marcus ,  Bloomingdale ' s and F . A . O .  Schwarz ,  Mr .  Goldwyn says ,  Gerber launched a  line  of inexpensive imitations .  
 LAST MONTH ,  the closely held American Natural Beverage Corp .  of New York got Anheuser-Busch Cos .  of St .  Louis to change the logo on its Zeltzer Seltzer soft drink ,  which American Natural claimed was  " confusingly similar "  to packaging for its Soho Natural Soda .     And last November ,  Blue Mountain Arts Inc .  of Boulder ,  Colo .  ,  won an injunction barring Hallmark Cards Inc .  of Kansas City ,  Mo .  ,  from distributing a  line  of greeting cards Blue Mountain alleged were copied from its designs .  
 As a result ,  Mr .  Jager says ,   " a small business can look at a situation and say ,   ' Not only is the climate more favorable for me to take on a big infringer ,  but the chances for a higher return are greater than they used to be .  '  "         In its suit ,  Manhattan Toy doesn ' t ask for specific damages ,  only an amount equal to the profits Gerber has made on its dinosaur  line  .  
 At Beecham ,  he had been responsible for marketing such consumer brands as Aqua-Fresh toothpaste ,  Sucrets throat lozenges and Calgon bath products .         Quaker State ,  maker of the nation ' s best-selling motor oil ,  turned to Mr .  Snell in an effort to coordinate marketing of an unwieldy 6 , 000 products cutting across 12 company  lines  .  
 Neither company would confirm or deny mounting speculation that Revlon ,  the closely held cosmetics giant ,  would pay $150 million or more in the transaction .     It is understood that the purchase may include the Charles of the Ritz and Alexandra de Markoff brands ,  considered prestige cosmetics  lines  ,  as well as mass-market lines such as Bain de Soleil ,  Jean Nate ,  Enjoli and the Dynasty fragrances .  
 Since Mr .  Perelman acquired control of Revlon in November 1985 ,  he has shed most of the company ' s health care divisions while seeking to bolster the beauty business .         Last December he purchased Max Factor Inc .  ,  which includes the Halston and Almay  lines  ,  for $345 million .  
 Earlier this year he bought the U . S .  business of Germaine Monteil Cosmetiques Corp .  for about $10 million from Beecham Group PLC ,  the London-based pharmaceutical concern .      Lines  included Diane Von Furstenberg fragrances and Lancaster skincare products .  
 In the year-earlier quarter ,  the maker of personal-grooming products earned $1 . 1 million ,  or 18 cents a share ,  on sales of $30 . 9 million .         The company said the earnings decline results chiefly from lower-than-expected volume for its Consumer Products division ' s new Textra  line  of care products .  
 Since being taken private in April 1986 in a $6 . 2 billion leveraged buyout ,  Beatrice has rapidly reduced its debt by selling various units .     Last month ,  it said it plans an initial public offering for its remaining non-food businesses and some of its smaller specialty-food  lines  .  
 KID STUFF: Retailers expand to cash in on demographic trends .         Gymboree Corp .  ,  a $10 million-a-year business built on tot exercise classes ,  launches a chain of stores with its own  line  of clothes and toys; 15 stores are to be open by year end .     Conran ' s ,  New York ,  expands its children ' s furniture lines ,  while Carter Hawley Hale ' s Broadway chain upgrades its offerings to include Baby Dior ,  Esprit and Guess clothes .  
   THE FACTORIES of the future turning out a new  line  of midsized cars for General Motors Corp .  this fall won ' t be so futuristic after all .  
 In addition ,  the fiscal stimulus from the Reagan presidency ' s record budget deficits has forced the Fed to maintain a firmer policy than it might otherwise have done .         Meanwhile ,  increased foreign competition ,  domestic deregulation ,  and the wave of mergers and consolidation sweeping corporate America have pushed companies to lay off workers ,  shed unprofitable  lines  ,  adopt closer relationships with suppliers and tighten controls over inventories .  
 FRA ' s programs manage the data bases of a museum ' s members ,  donors ,  and prospective donors ,  as well as generate standard paperwork such as membership-renewal reminders and year-end reports for donors for tax purposes .         The American Federation of the Arts ,  an association of art museums ,  has been working with a software consultant ,  the Williamson Group ,  for several years and offers a  line  of software designed especially for art museums .  
 Today ' s wardrobe for many men is triple layered: suits for work ,  activewear for sports and trendy sports coats ,  shirts and slacks for entertaining .     And it ' s the two leisure  lines  that have surging sales .  
 Despite the strength of sportswear in the $27 billion menswear market ,  manufacturers and retailers see considerable room for growth .     Designers such as Ralph Lauren ,  Calvin Klein and Liz Claiborne ,  who introduced a new sportswear  line  for men two years ago ,  are avidly seeking the new male customer .  
 Designers and retailers ,  of course ,  still count on women ,  who long have purchased at least half of all men ' s clothing .     Liz Claiborne ,  Calvin Klein and others are betting that female customers ,  loyal to their womenswear  lines  ,  will also buy their new menswear lines for husbands and others .  
 For the current fiscal year ,  Mr .  O ' Reilly said analysts '  estimated net of $2 . 85 a share  " seems reasonable .  "     The executive said the fiscal 1987 marketing budget of about $383 million will be increased by about 15% in fiscal 1988 ,  with most of the spending to be on such  lines  as Weight Watchers ,  Chico-San rice cakes ,  yogurt and Near East Foods -- a maker of flavored rice products .  
 They ' re packaging it as  ' the Don Kelly portfolio '  instead of as an ongoing company .  "         E-II will include the non-food businesses BCI hasn ' t already sold plus some smaller specialty-food  lines  .  
 Montgomery Ward & Co .  ' s 2 . 5% rise in same-store sales was the slowest growth rate for the Mobil Corp .  unit since fall .     Sales were hurt by the chain ' s recent move out of the hardware and the lawn and garden  lines  ,  which typically are big sellers in May .  
   Digital Equipment Corp .  and Cray Research Inc .  ,  as expected ,  said they will jointly market and develop products to link their  lines  of computers .  
 The company has said it intends to emphasize its fragrance business .     It has cut prices on some cosmetic  lines  50% and may sell the lines .  
 Nevertheless ,  the company called the five businesses to be sold  " sound businesses "  that are experiencing an earnings improvement  " with the upturn in the electronics market .  "         The announcement follows a major restructuring program TRW began in late 1985 that involved selling businesses -- mainly aircraft parts and industrial products -- with annual sales of about $800 million ,  pruning back remaining  lines  to their most profitable products and a general cost-reduction effort .  
 Still ,  troubles continue to be more common than triumphs for companies testing video catalogs -- even when the video itself is well done .         Murjani International Ltd .  tested a video catalog last year for its Coca-Cola clothing  line  .  
 Glenview ,  Ill . -based Kraft long has wanted to expand in frozen foods ,  the fastest-growing packaged-food area right now .     The company tried a  line  of frozen-cheese dinners that it quietly folded last year .  
 Besides the All American Gourmet acquisition ,  Kraft is trying again internally .     It currently is testing a  line  of frozen entrees that includes lasagna and several meat dishes .  
 The acquisition would be Kraft ' s fourth in the frozen-food business in the past three years .         And last week it agreed to acquire several of Chicago-based Quaker Oats Co .  ' s food  lines  for $235 million .  
 He also said the company is considering actions to reduce interest and dividend expense starting in the second half .         Mattel has said that substantially lower domestic demand starting last year for its Masters of the Universe and Rainbow Brite  lines  of toys are among the main factors troubling the company .  
 In Mr .  Welch ' s view ,  consumer electronics '  main job is to give GE greater buying clout for its other business in the Pacific Rim by adding to the volume of components purchased there .         Despite the fact that Mr .  Welch regards consumer electronics as something of an albatross ,  security analysts say that even if GE eventually exits TV-set manufacturing ,  it will continue to market consumer electronics because of the valuable GE brand recognition that benefits more profitable consumer  lines  ,  such as light bulbs and major appliances .  
 He has primarily focused the business on the side of the software market called systems utilities ,  which allow data-processing centers to manage their operations more efficiently .     Computer Associates also has broadened its  line  of business software ,  which now includes spreadsheet and word-processor programs .  
 Mattel will introduce Captain Power in September in 86 U . S .  television markets and 17 foreign countries .         The spokesman said Mattel is being  " very cautious "  about not repeating mistakes it made several years ago when its Intellivision game machine  line  and other electronics products encountered an extremely competitive environment and created huge losses for the company .  
  " That experience is memorable ,  "  the spokesman said ,  adding that the new  lines  are less involved with educational electronics and more toy and game related .         Thomas R .  Kully ,  a securities analyst with the Chicago firm of William Blair & Co .  ,  said he didn ' t believe Mattel would make the same errors made with the now-discontinued Intellivision line .  
 The Xerox copier ,  for example ,  is now part of an integrated office-information system that processes documents from creation to transmission ,  including storage and retrieval as well as reproduction .     No company can cover the complete  line  competitively without help from other companies .  
 The jury ,  in federal court in Illinois ,  awarded the damages to Georgia Roulo ,  a former licensor of the toy ,  trinket and greeting card firm .     Ms .  Roulo sued Russ Berrie in 1982 ,  contending that the company ' s  line  of  " Touching You "  greeting cards infringed on the  " Feeling Sensitive "  cards she designed for Russ Berrie to sell from 1978 through 1980 .  
 In doing so ,  Yves Saint Laurent regained control of the perfumes that bear its name .     Revillon ,  the fur-coat maker in the Cora group ,  took over Karl Lagerfeld ' s KL label to launch an up-market ready-to-wear  line  of women ' s clothing .  
 Just this month ,  the family that runs Martell & Cie .  agreed to sell control of the cognac company to Seagram Co .  of Canada .         Although industry analysts say a recession would hurt lesser-known brands and expensive items such as cars ,  furs and jewelry ,  most French luxury-goods companies don ' t expect demand for their most prestigious  lines  to be affected .  
  " As long as I ' m around ,  "  Mr .  Schneider vows ,   " we won ' t go on the stock market .  "     And Mr .  Schneider also wants to prevent the Davidoff  line  of cigars from becoming mass consumer items .  
 Susie Peterson ,  an analyst with First Boston Corp .  ,  recently said that Computervision was among the companies that Prime might try to acquire ,  though she thought other candidates were more likely .         Prime ,  which had net income of $46 . 9 million ,  or 97 cents a share ,  and revenue of $860 . 2 million last year ,  is among the smallest computer companies that make a broad  line  of computer systems .  
 Tele-Communications ,  a cable television concern ,  acquired Heritage Communications in August and immediately sold the broadcast properties .     Heritage also said in October that it had retained First Boston Corp .  to help shed the communications-products  lines  .  
 Then some Japanese chocolate technicians reverse-engineered the M&M .     Lotte K . K .  ,  a leading confectionary company in Japan ,  came out in April with a  line  of  " new-type chocolate "  that looks suspiciously like the Mars product .  
 Panasonic Co .  is a division of its American subsidiary .         Along with making the Kodak batteries ,  the new company will make a separate ,  competing  line  of consumer alkaline batteries to be marketed under the Panasonic brand name .  
 The plant ,  which may be located in the Sunbelt ,  is expected to produce several hundred million batteries a year beginning in 1989 .         Kodak entered the battery market last year with two  lines  of batteries: its alkaline Supralife batteries made according to Kodak specifications by Matsushita in Japan and its 9-volt lithium batteries made by Kodak ' s Ultra Technologies unit in Newark ,  N . Y .  
 WOW said it will continue to develop new toys ,  and will unveil its 1988 products at the New York Toy Fair in February .     The spokeswoman wouldn ' t discuss the planned products ,  but said WOW plans to broaden its  line  by offering more lower-priced toys .  
 This year ,  Grey ' s work for Revlon was largely limited to a single television advertisement for Flex ,  a hair care product .     Grey had been assigned to work on an ad campaign for a new hair care  line  that Revlon planned to introduce next year .  
 The move reflects American Home ' s longstanding strategy of rapid growth .     By acquiring Robins ,  American Home would add strong consumer brands to its own healthy over-the-counter  lines  and beef up its proprietary drug research ,  which has been barren in recent years .  
 Sales of the Regal -- the first of the so-called  " GM-10 "  cars -- more than doubled to 2 , 898 from a year earlier .     That ' s an early indicator of how well customers are receiving the new  line  of midsized ,  front-wheel-drive cars that GM hopes will help reverse its market share decline .  
 Alternative cards -- now the industry ' s hottest sellers and still growing -- represent between 17% and 22% of all cards sold .         The Big Three are making their gains in the alternative card market largely at the expense of tiny competitors ,  who were successful early on in offering such  lines  .  
 The alternative cards appeal largely to baby boomers; the companies say many young adults enjoy sending humorous cards to friends for no particular occasion or holiday ,  but just to stay in touch .     Many of the alternative  lines  also are geared toward women ,  who buy 90% of all cards .     Gibson ,  for example ,  offers a line called Women ' s Writes .  
 Of the major companies ,  Hallmark generated the most controversy with its alternative-card entry .     In the largest rollout of new cards in the company ' s history ,  it brought out the  " Shoebox "   line  ,  aimed mainly at women ,  and  " Personal Touch ,  "  a line of sentimental cards .  
  " We ' re not adding a lot of mouths to feed ,  "  says Paul Shain ,  an analyst at Dain Bosworth Inc .     He says those battling for  " share of stomach "  include salad bars ,  in-store delicatessens and a buffet  line  of home-delivery food services .  
  " The past few months have been a difficult period for the company ,  "  Mr .  Kingsborough said .      " Nonetheless ,  we are encouraged by retailer and consumer reaction to both our continuing  lines  and to the new products we introduced for this Christmas season .  
 Group executives are expected to identify competitors that Simon & Schuster can acquire to broaden its market share .     Since April ,  for example ,  the company bought two more document search firms ,  a  line  of training materials for computer software and a British professional publisher .  
 Robins ' s profitable over-the-counter brands would be the primary attraction for any acquirer .     Analysts estimate that the consumer  lines  account for almost 50% of Robins ' s sales and possibly as much as 60% of profit .  
 The agreement is subject to regulatory and financing approvals .         Executone ,  based in Norcross ,  Ga .  ,  markets and services a  line  of business telephone systems .  
 Experts estimated the purchase price at one billion markkas ($248 . 5 million) .     The transaction included SEL ' s television-tube and loudspeaker  lines  ,  the company said .  
 Chrysler ' s acquisition last summer of American Motors Corp .  also contributed to the change in plans for Jefferson Avenue ,  a company spokesman said .     Originally ,  Chrysler planned to replace the current K-car  line  at Jefferson with another model ,  and later shift the plant to light truck production ,  the spokesman said .  
 Those are dictated by the company ' s buyers ,  who also adjust their plans as the season progresses .     The day after Thanksgiving ,  for instance ,  the buyers ordered an emergency markdown of 40% on a  line  of women ' s sportswear .  
   Pennwalt Corp .  said it acquired a  line  of fungicides ,  insecticides and herbicides and their related manufacturing and distribution facilities from Le Raffineries de Soufre Reunies ,  Marseille ,  France .  
 Essex also plans to sell its Baltimore phosgene chemicals plant; the spokesman said the company hasn ' t yet found a buyer .     Essex also said it plans to sell write off or write down certain venture capital  lines  .  
 Richard Laster ,  DNA president and chief executive officer ,  attributed most of the 1987 loss to a decision this year by Kraft Inc .  ,  Glenview ,  Ill .  ,  to withdraw from a national product launch .     DNA is negotiating with two or three parties for a partnership to replace Kraft for the marketing of its VegiSnax  line  of specially bred carrots and celery .  
 Digital is likely to promote it for companies that link many computer users to a central database ,  one of the fastest growing applications for big computers .         The announcement of a more powerful mainframe computer in Digital ' s VAX  line  ,  has been widely expected ,  but Maynard ,  Mass . -based Digital hadn ' t given any details until William Demmer ,  a vice president ,  mentioned it last week at a user group meeting in California .  
 The U . S .  estimates that the four Airbus countries have poured $10 billion into the consortium since it was started 17 years ago .     Washington says they are planning to spend an additional $3 . 2 billion on two new aircraft  lines  Airbus plans to produce .  
 MAN and Hoesch added 2 . 50 each to 129 and 97 . 50 ,  respectively .     But Kloeckner Humboldt-Deutz ,  reeling from heavy losses in its agricultural machinery  lines  ,  fell 2 to 79 .  
 In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange ,  Mattel closed yesterday at $7 . 875 a share ,  up 25 cents .         A Mattel spokesman said the company was concerned about the lackluster U . S .  sales of most products except the  " Barbie "  doll  line  .  
 Alfred H .  Hunt III ,  president of IFR Systems Inc .  ,  a Wichita ,  Kan . -based producer of test equipment that is 84% owned by Regency ,  was named to fill Mr .  Boone ' s vacancy on the board .         The company said it intends to sell its consumer products  lines  so it can concentrate on businesses that provide the most potential for  " long-term growth and profitability .  "  
 The company said it intends to sell its consumer products  lines  so it can concentrate on businesses that provide the most potential for  " long-term growth and profitability .  "         Regency said it will try to sell its lines of scanners ,  information radio products ,  and marine radios ,  which together generated about 24% of the company ' s $75 million in sales for the fiscal year ended June 30 .  
 The companies will begin sharing models by late 1989 at the earliest but will sell cars under separate identities .         The venture will make two car  lines  developed by Toyota and one by GM .  Troubles in Australia prompted GM last year to restructure Holden ' s .  
 Australia ' s minister for industry ,  John Button ,  praised the GM-Toyota announcement as  " a major step in making the Australian motor industry internationally competitive .  "         Attempting to revitalize its troubled auto industry ,  the Australian government three years ago said it wanted to cut by 1992 the number of car  lines  made there to about six from 13 ,  and the number of car manufacturers to three from five .  
 For all of 1986 ,  Insilco earned $33 . 6 million ,  or $1 . 58 a share ,  on sales of $745 . 1 million .         A spokesman said analysts ,  holders and the rating companies have been urging Insilco to quit the housing  lines  ,  which employ about 600 people .  
 The company had taken charges in 1985 and 1986 against the housing business ,  the spokesman said .     Insilco sees limited and difficult growth prospects for the  lines  ,  he said ,  and would have had to put much more cash into it to keep it going .  
 The spokesman said that Insilco continues to look at acquisitions that complement its continuing businesses but that it has no plans for any more divestitures .     Insilco said it plans to continue running the housing businesses for existing customers but will treat the  lines  as discontinued operations in financial reports .  
 The industry ,  suffering from a drought of new products for more than a year ,  is still groping for a major crowd-drawer .     In a rush to imitate the strong sellers ,  manufacturers have cluttered the major categories -- particularly the  " action toy "   line  that features such items as G . I .  Joe ,  Transformers and SilverHawks .  
 Sales of video games ,  preschool toys ,  board games and basic toys have been brisk through most of the year ,  and many of these are expected to continue selling well .         Some analysts ,  moreover ,  say shares of a few companies offering basic  lines  ,  such as Hasbro and Tyco Toys ,  may actually be buys for 1988 .  
 Tyco ,  one of the few toy makers due to post a profit this year ,  will increase earnings to about $1 . 65 a share next year from $1 . 48 this year ,  Mr .  Kully predicts .     Tyco traditionally has been strong in basic toys such as electric trains and has done particularly well with a  line  of radio-operated cars this year .  
 What ' s more ,  investors for the Bass group ,  who raised their Macmillan stake to 9% earlier this year ,  appear to show particular interest in publishing .     But some of Bell & Howell ' s  lines  could be a difficult fit if the publishing companies were combined .  
 The rating concern had placed MCA on its CreditWatch list in October after the company authorized buying back as many as 10 million of its common shares .     S&P said that while MCA ' s theater and television entertainment businesses remain strong and its record and book  lines  have performed well ,   " financial risk has risen in recent years ,  suggesting an increased emphasis by management on shareholder values .  "  
 Restaurants and supermarkets increasingly woo shoppers with a wide array of refrigerated and hot ,  prepared dishes .      " Consumers realize that takeout is no longer so expensive relative to the premium frozen dinner market ,  "  says Charles Bowen ,  a group vice president at General Foods Corp .  ,  which has decided against expanding its premium frozen  line  called Fresh Creations until it sees where the market is going .  
 Catering to this attitude has spelled success for some budget-minded brands .     Most notably ,  All American Gourmet Co .  ' s Budget Gourmet  line  ,  which typically offers products costing less than $2 ,  has seen its share of the entree market rise to 15% since its national rollout in 1985 .  
 The unit of Swiss-based Nestle S . A .  also has slashed prices on its newly restaged Dinner Supreme brand and is offering 30% to 40% more cents-off coupons than last year on all its frozen dinner products .         Not to be outdone ,  Campbell has withdrawn its upscale L ' Orient  line  of Szechuan Chinese meals from the market entirely .  
 But  " only a very small segment of the population was willing to pay for that level of authenticity ,  "  acknowledges Robert Bernstock ,  Campbell ' s general manager of premium meals .         Campbell has also begun to upgrade its Le Menu  line  .  
 Pepper steak marinates in ($11 a gallon) rice wine imported from Japan .     Today ,  the most expensive Le Menu carries a suggested retail price tag of $3 . 89 compared with $4 . 99 when the  line  was introduced in 1984 .  
 Wooden trains ,  priced at $15 to $100 ,  wooden construction sets ,  for $12 to $25 ,  and wooden doll houses ,  for $95 to $250 ,  all are hot items at John Davy ,  a specialty toy store in Alexandria ,  Va .         At competing Granny ' s Place in Alexandria ,  Playmobile products ,  a  line  of plastic pre-school toys from West Germany ranging in price from $2 . 60 to over $100 ,   " are walking out the door ,  "  says owner Rodger Wall .  
 The answer lies inside its sprawling assembly plant on the outskirts of Munich .     There ,  on the second floor ,  workers buzz about like honeybees ,  assembling some 1 , 500 engines a day for BMW ' s 300 Series automobiles ,  its least expensive  line  .  
 Ken Butterworth ,  chairman and chief executive officer ,  said the company expects quarterly sales to exceed $100 million compared with $81 million .     Mr .  Butterworth said the company ' s  lines  are strong both in the U . S .  and internationally .  
 Competition for counter space at department stores is intense .     Neiman-Marcus ,  the 22-store specialty retailer ,  says that it customarily drops a  " half a dozen "  slow-moving cosmetic or fragrance  lines  each year .  
 Celestial Seasonings ,  a Boulder ,  Colo .  ,  maker of 35 different kinds of specialty teas ,  was acquired by Kraft ,  a Glenview ,  Ill .  ,  maker of food products ,  in 1984 .         Kraft decided to sell Celestial Seasonings in part of a broad review of core  lines  .  
 The teas ,  sold in highly decorated boxes with philosphical quotes printed on them ,  have names like Red Zinger ,  Morning Thunder and Mandarine Orange Spice .         The company had grown considerably in the past three years ,  adding several new tea  lines  ,  but the relaxed ,  informal atmosphere has been maintained ,  the Kraft spokeswoman said .  
 When less established designers have succumbed to AIDS ,  their clothes have died with them .     Such budding talents as Karl Davis ,  who created a  line  of classic women ' s clothing ,  and Mark Pennywell ,  known for his original wedding gowns ,  didn ' t employ a staff of assistant designers who might have continued producing their styles .  
 Many would consider the Braun studios in Kronberg ,  West Germany ,  to be the quintessential purveyor of  " Eurodesign .  "     But Braun is a unit of Gillette Co .  ,  in Boston ,  and the Braun  line  contains several items that were first designed for Gillette by Mr .  Cousins ,  who has long been its consultant .  
 The possible imports are further evidence of the increased buying power of the Japanese yen ,  and part of an effort to expand Isuzu ' s product  line  ,  a GM spokesman said .     GM owns 42 . 4% of Isuzu ,  which makes three lines of subcompact passenger cars .  
 Sirjang Lal Tandon ,  chairman of Tandon ,  said Tandon decided to sell its Winchester disk drive operations to  " concentrate all our resources on our personal computer and subsystem product  lines  .  "     The company ' s computer and subsystem lines are expected to account for about 85% of its revenue in the fourth quarter .  
 System Industries said El Segundo ,  Calif . -based Imperial Technology has about 50 employees and had revenue of about $10 million in the fiscal year ended June 30 .     Imperial makes a solid state disk memory device that System Industries called  " a logical extension "  of its data storage  line  .  
 Since last Friday ,  Outboard ' s stock has risen more than three points .         Genmar ' s boat  lines  include Hatteras yachts ,  Wellcraft power boats and Larson and Lund fishing boats .  
 The Premier is the first car for the Jeep/Eagle division following the purchase of AMC last summer .     Jeep is a solidly successful franchise that appeals to the kind of buyers Chrysler wants ,  but the Eagle car  line  is a decidedly weak sister .  
 Broadway Jeep/Eagle in Denver ,  Colo .  ,  for example ,  sells about 3 , 000 new Jeeps a year ,  but less than 300 cars .      " We don ' t really have much of a car  line  anymore ,  "  laments Steve Segal ,  the dealership ' s general manager .  
 Indeed ,  Jeep customers have long disdained the cars offered by AMC and Regie Nationale des Usines Renault ,  the French auto maker that owned more than 40% of AMC before the Chrysler purchase .     Now the Eagle car  line  consists mainly of leftover Renault models and the discontinued AMC Eagle four-wheel-drive car .  
 Chrysler also decided not to go ahead with plans for a coupe version ,  in part because the coupe ,  without a lot of work ,  wouldn ' t have met the standards Chrysler has set for the division ,  company officials said .         Chrysler also has sacrificed some profit for more volume with Premier ' s $12 , 474 to $14 , 079 price range ,  which Joseph E .  Cappy ,  group vice president of Jeep/Eagle marketing ,  said is aimed right at the heart of Ford ' s Taurus  line  .  
 He does his own writing in one room and tends to Black Lizard business in the other .     The  line  has done so well that this year Mr .  Ellis sold off his printing business ,  including the presses ,  and became a full-time publisher .  
 The company insisted the change wasn ' t related to an 81% drop in third-quarter profit ,  which fell to $1 . 5 million ,  or 14 cents a share ,  from $8 million ,  or $1 . 03 a share ,  a year earlier .     The poor results were attributed to higher cotton prices and costs associated with the introduction of a new  line  of stain-resistant carpet .  
 Sales rose 16% to $8 . 47 billion from $7 . 31 billion .         American Brands ' s best-known  lines  are its cigarette brands ,  including Pall Mall ,  Tareyton and Lucky Strike .  
 The company also owns such major liquor brands as Jim Beam ,  Old Grand-Dad and Old Crow .     Other  lines  include Swingline office products ,  Case cutlery ,  Titleist and Foot-Joy golf items and Master locks .  
 He was brought back as Beatrice ' s chairman when it was acquired by Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co .  last year in a $6 . 2 billion leveraged buy-out .         In July ,  Mr .  Kelly took Beatrice ' s non-food businesses and some of its smaller speciality food  lines  public as E-II Holdings Inc .  
 Its array of consumer products is compatible with E-II ' s lineup ,  which includes Samsonite luggage and Stiffel lamps .     Moreover ,  many American Brands  lines  ,  such as Master Locks and Case cutlery ,  fit his strategy of buying mundane businesses that are considered by analysts to be undervalued and undermanaged .  
 He ' s more inclined to buy and sell companies than to run them for very long .     Although analysts don ' t think he ' s particularly interested in cigarette or liquor  lines  ,  he ' s familiar with the distribution and marketing aspects of such retail businesses; thus he might be adept at selling those off separately .  
 In the nine months ,  earnings fell 49% to $41 . 4 million ,  or 71 cents a share ,  on a 1 . 9% drop in revenue ,  to $966 . 7 million ,  from a year earlier .         This year ' s results reflect the general softness in the toy industry ,  as well as disappointing sales for Hasbro from several new products -- including Air Raiders ,  Battle Beasts and Visionaries in the boys '  action  line ; and Jem in the girls '  doll category ,  Mr .  Hassenfeld said .  
   Surely nothing so becomes the Black Lizard  line  of fiction as its home .  
   Vodavi Technology Corp .  said it signed a $40 million ,  four-year contract with CTG Inc .  to supply an expanded  line  of telephone systems and other products .  
   MedChem Products Inc .  said it signed a letter of intent to purchase for $31 million a  line  of surgical products used in stopping bleeding .  
   Warnaco Inc .  said it is in the final stages of negotiations with French fashion designer Emanuel Ungaro for licensing rights to his  line  of intimate apparel .  
 The cereal boxes ,  which include red and green crunch berries ,  show Cap ' n Crunch dressed as Santa Claus .         Scott Paper Co .  decided to roll out a  line  of red and green paper towels this year after the company ' s researchers found that 80% of consumers would be apt to buy such a product .  
 Mr .  Wilcox is director of Design Research Center ,  a division of Herbst ,  Lazar ,  Rogers & Bell ,  a Chicago design firm .     In redesigning a  line  of telephone memo books for Avery International ' s Aigner division ,  Mr .  Wilcox peered over secretaries '  shoulders and studied copies in filled-in form books .  
 Gould was suspended from bidding on government jobs because of alleged improprieties in setting prices .     The move by the GSA comes as Gould is trying to sell its defense  lines  .  
 Looart owns Current Inc .  ,  a major marketer of greeting cards and stationery based in Colorado Springs ,  Colo .  ,  that has annual sales of more than $125 million ,  Primerica said .         The sale is part of Primerica ' s plan ,  announced in August ,  to sell all its mail-order  lines  in order to reduce debt on its $750 million purchase of Smith Barney Inc .  
   LSI Logic Corp .  ,  a Milpitas ,  Calif . -based semiconductor concern ,  said it entered into a long-term agreement with closely held MIPS Computer Systems to manufacture and market MIPS ' s  line  of 32-bit microprocessors ,  including reduced-instruction-set computing ,  or RISC ,  chips .  
  " It ' s great styling ,  priced right ,  and it ' s the best engineered car Buick has ever given us .  "         That car is the first in a series of GM-10 products ,  a new $5 billion  line  of mid-sized cars that will come out over the next two years .  
   General Motors Corp .  ' s Buick division formally introduced the first of GM ' s crucial new  line  of midsized cars ,  and predicted the model will reverse the division ' s two-year slide in sales .  
 The new Regal is the first product of the $5 billion project code-named  " GM-10 .  "     The GM-10  line  is aimed at regaining sales that GM has lost in its bread-and-butter market: midsized cars aimed at upper-middle-class Americans .  
 He and other Buick officials ,  however ,  said consumer incentives will continue .      " Given the supply and demand situation ,  "  Mr .  Mertz said ,  referring to the increasing industry overcapacity and flat demand ,   " some forms of incentive activity will continue ,  but not on every car  line  .  "  
   GM ' s Buick division introduced the first of the auto maker ' s crucial new  line  of midsized cars .  
   Data General Corp .  introduced a new computer system that reduces the base price for its  line  of 32-bit superminicomputers .  
  " We wanted an honest reaction "  from consumers ,  she now explains .         But Ms .  George ended the mystery recently by officially unveiling her Chicken by George  line  at a party with all the trimmings .  
 It sparked the current dispute this summer by questioning a Customs Service ruling that its boards fell within the tariffs '  reach .         The Washington computer trade group said it understands International Business Machines Corp .  was also affected by the new tariffs ,  because it buys boards for its new Personal System/2  line  of PCs from Matsushita Electric Industrial Co .  of Japan .  
 Packaging Corp .  ,  which owns and operates Ekco Packaging ,  said it will manage the Kaiser facilities as part of its Disposable Packaging Group .         KaiserTech ,  a holding company ,  called the sale part of its plan to focus on  lines  that offer  " significant competitive advantage .  "  
 Gillette recently acquired a majority interest in another French manufacturer of expensive pens ,  Waterman S . A .     That acquisition is intended to broaden Gillette ' s Papermate pen  line  to include pens in the $60 to $80 range ,  Gillette officials said .  
   Storage Technology Corp .  added two new storage systems to its  line  of disk drives for mainframe computers .  
   Toyota is entering the U . S .  luxury car market by selling an upscale car  line  through a new dealer network .  
   International Business Machines Corp .  is unleashing an aggressive legal campaign to protect its new  line  of personal computers from clones .  
 Outside the courtroom ,  IBM is issuing strong warnings that rivals won ' t be able to build a legal clone of its newest PCs unless they get patent licenses from IBM -- a requirement that could present a new barrier to entering the clone market .     Big Blue already has filed two unusually broad lawsuits against alleged infringers of the trademark for its four-month-old PC  line  ,  called the Personal System/2 .  
 Such a drop ,  in IBM ' s most visible consumer market ,  would stand as one of IBM ' s most rankling public-image setbacks .         In its first family of PCs ,  IBM specifically used widely available parts and an  " open "  design that would let independent companies make software ,  accessories and even full computers that compete with the IBM  line  .  
  " You might even look at it as an insurance policy ,  "  he says .         Chips & Technologies ,  based in Milpitas ,  Calif .  ,  makes widely used microchip sets for clone makers ,  designed to imitate the inner workings of IBM ' s old PC  line  .  
   Toyota Motor Corp .  said it will enter the increasingly crowded U . S .  luxury-car market by selling a  line  of upscale cars through a new Toyota dealer network called Lexus .  
 Toyota Motor Corp .  said it will enter the increasingly crowded U . S .  luxury-car market by selling a  line  of upscale cars through a new Toyota dealer network called Lexus .         The auto maker ,  which said it will introduce the cars in late 1989 as 1990 models ,  becomes the third Japanese auto maker to opt for a so-called  " second channel "  of dealers to highlight a new line of cars .  
 Honda Motor Co .  introduced its Legend and Integra luxury cars in the U . S .  in 1986 through a new dealer network called Acura .     And just last month ,  Nissan Motor Corp .  announced plans for a new  line  of upscale cars that ,  starting in 1989 ,  it will market under the new Infiniti label .  
 Competition has become so heated that BMW of North America Inc .  ,  a unit of Bayerische Motoren Werke AG ,  and Mercedes-Benz of North America Inc .  ,  a unit of Daimler-Benz AG ,  recently announced sales incentives to help trim excess inventory -- a rare move for the two West German luxury-car makers .         Toyota hopes its upscale  line  will help it hang on to current customers who have had to look elsewhere when trading up to luxury cars ,  and says it isn ' t worried about the crowded market .  
 It said the dealers ,  who will be picked from inside and outside Toyota ' s current rank of 1 , 085 U . S .  dealers ,  will be situated in the top 50 markets in the U . S .  -- markets that can sustain sales of luxury cars -- and will have to demonstrate a record of customer satisfaction .         The auto maker plans to require this first group of dealers to have facilities for the Lexus cars totally separate from their current car  lines  .  
 That strategy is common for auto makers setting up separate dealer networks and is meant ,  among other things ,  to make buyers of the upscale cars feel special and to underscore the exclusive ambiance of the luxury market .         But some dealers have voiced skepticism about the practice ,  noting that sales of new luxury-car  lines  may not be big enough to support the expense -- often millions of dollars -- of separate facilities .  
 Indeed ,  Toyota said it expects to sell only 30 , 000 of the vehicles in the first model year .         Aside from hanging on to current customers ,  the Lexus luxury  line  could help boost Toyota ' s earnings ,  if it proves popular .  
 The Japanese supply capital and technology and the Americans supply management and marketing .         Four small ,  closely held firms ,  an American ,  a Dutch ,  a German and a Japanese -- each a leader in one narrow  line  of chemical solvents -- have merged their separate research labs with the lab of an American university with expertise in the solvents field .  
 Only by banding together do they have the $200 million in sales needed to support a decent research budget in a rapidly changing technology .         And then there is the Belgian producer of processed meats -- the largest producer in its specialty  lines  within the Common Market but still with sales of only about $60 million a year .  
 U . S .  exports dropped like a stone in the years of the overvalued dollar and imports soared; not one major American industry could maintain its exports in the face of a currency fluctuation of almost 50% .     Yet only in steel ,  automobiles ,  consumer electronics ,  machine tools and a few semiconductor  lines  did the world share of American products go down at all .  
 Dover Corp .  ,  New York ,  acquired the Duncan Industries parking-meter unit of Rymer Co .  for $29 million .         The acquisition adds Rymer ' s only nonfood operation to Dover ' s  lines  of industrial parts .  
  " They ' ve had tremendous market response for the workstation products ,  "  he said .         Stephen K .  Smith ,  computer analyst with PaineWebber Inc .  ,  cautioned that Hewlett-Packard ' s profit margin fell 1% in the quarter to 7 . 2% ,  a sign that brisk demand for the company ' s products may not be concentrated in its more profitable  lines  .  
 Increasingly ,  such products are being made for Apple Computer Inc .  ' s Macintosh .     Although add-ons aren ' t yet available to match the features of IBM ' s new Personal System/2  line  ,  such features as the improved graphics probably will be mimicked soon .  
 Some of the add-ons ,  however ,  are likely to be expensive .         Still ,  as consumers try to decide whether to spend $5 , 000 or more for the most powerful of IBM ' s new PS/2  line  ,  interest in the aftermarket is likely to grow .  
 But Michael Kennedy ,  a food analyst at IDS Financial Services ,  believes the burger development is emblematic of Hormel innovations .         Mr .  Ramey is more excited about the Top Shelf  line  ,  which packages microwavable meat entrees in multilayered plastic that acts like a can .  
 Mr .  McMillin notes Hormel is selling at 19 times his estimate of $1 . 50 for next year ' s earnings ,  compared with a multiple of about 16 for all food stocks .     Like any other high-multiple stock that includes a big bet on some future  line  ,  Hormel carries the risk that this profusion of new products will fall flat .  
 Mr .  Ramey says the biggest risk is that Hormel won ' t have enough advertising dollars to put behind its new ideas .     But he believes the canned meat  lines  ,  having served as a cash cow to finance product development ,  can support those outlays as well .  
 Perkin-Elmer shares closed yesterday at $38 ,  up $1 . 25 ,  in New York Stock Exchange composite trading .         In the past two fiscal years ,  Perkin-Elmer has taken various charges ,  though much smaller ,  as it undertook to refocus the chip equipment  line  and gird for what many in the industry say is a rebounding semiconductor market .  
 Revlon is selling the two vision-care businesses for more than twice their annual sales; such businesses typically fetch the equivalent of 1 . 5 times annual sales ,  according to Ms .  Hall of Smith Barney .         The sale of the vision-care  lines  will leave Revlon focused on its cosmetics business ,  which analysts expect to have 1987 sales of about $1 . 7 billion ,  compared with $1 . 15 billion last year .  
 Commodore ' s task to restructure its U . S .  operations is formidable .     The company ' s venerable model 64 computer is in the final years of its life cycle and its personal computer  line  is up against new products from computer giants ,  including International Business Machines Corp .  ,  Apple Computer Inc .  and Tandy Corp .  
 The company ' s venerable model 64 computer is in the final years of its life cycle and its personal computer  line  is up against new products from computer giants ,  including International Business Machines Corp .  ,  Apple Computer Inc .  and Tandy Corp .         Meanwhile ,  Commodore is banking much of the company ' s growth on its technologically impressive Amiga computer line ,  which also is faced with numerous competitive obstacles in the U . S .  
 Sales rose 16% to $1 . 4 billion from $1 . 21 billion .         The Framingham ,  Mass . -based discount store operator has had weak results from its large discount department store operations in recent periods because of strong competition and weakness in its apparel  lines  .  
 The Japan Defense Agency allows vendors to earn less than 5% ,  but that is a godsend for Kawasaki Heavy Industries Ltd .     The company ' s other manufacturing  lines  ,  such as shipbuilding ,  are awash in deficits .  
 Cost-control measures have improved margins ,  he added ,  saying ,   " We ' re well-positioned to be a lot more competitive .  "         About 75% of anticipated sales this year are expected to be to new customers ,  many of them cardiologists and internists ,  as the company introduces a  line  of desktop units to help detect heart and lung disease .  
 Although a management change at Simac ' s plant in Gessate ,  Italy ,  has meant interrupted shipments of its Pastamatic to the U . S .  ,  Mr .  Carter is awaiting a  " new and improved "  version in time for this year ' s Christmas selling season .         Even so ,  his heart is really in a new  line  of toasters .  
   For the second time in less than two months ,  Volkswagen U . S .  Inc .  ,  Troy ,  Mich .  ,  said it will boost suggested retail prices of its entry-level Fox  line  .  
 On July 1 ,  the company added $100 to $150 to the base price of its 1987 Foxes .     The  line  is assembled in Brazil .  
 The company also is introducing a new product ,  a mixture of fruit liqueurs and brandy .         In a bid to distinguish its brands ,  the Christian Brothers has taken its name off its generic table wines ,  renaming the  line   " Mont La Salle ,  "  and has reserved the Christian Brothers name for its top-of-the-line vintage wines ,  which are being pushed .  
 Another recent campaign has targeted the market for inexpensive wines .     One ad asks consumers to  " Taste the Fun "  of Christian Brothers '   line  of low-alcohol wines with names like  " Wild Berry "  and  " La Blush .  "  
 Sales for continuing operations for the fiscal year grew about 8% to $210 million from $194 . 9 million in fiscal 1986 .         Earlier in the current fiscal year ,  IPCO sold its Sterling Dental business and its dental prosthetics  line  ,  which had combined annual sales of about $20 million .  
 Terms weren ' t disclosed .         The 185-acre shipyard was shut down by General Dynamics last summer after it completed building a  line  of maritime positioning ships for the military .  
 The amount of stock involved wasn ' t disclosed .         Colgate plans to buy Minnetonka ' s SoftSoap brand liquid soap ,  Village Bath adult bath products ,  Sesame Street children ' s bath products and institutional-commercial  lines  of liquid soaps .  
 Mr .  Lewis apparently has ready buyers for some of his new Beatrice European operations .     Certain co-owners of those international  lines  -- such as the Ballve family of Madrid ,  who sold Beatrice an interest in their Campofrio meat concern in 1977 -- have been trying to persuade Beatrice ' s Mr .  Kelly to let them repurchase their stakes ,  according to the Ballves '  attorney .  
 He wouldn ' t elaborate ,  except to add that he has  " no plan to dispose of a significant part "  of his new holdings .         For Beatrice ,  the sale of the international operations means Mr .  Kelly has achieved his goal of stripping the company down to its U . S .  domestic food core ,  led by its Hunt ' s tomato products and Wesson cooking oil  lines  .  
 In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday ,  Del E .  Webb closed at $25 . 75 a share ,  down 37 . 5 cents .         Webb said the discussions ,  which it described as  " cordial ,  "  centered around the two groups '  interest in Webb; potential licensing problems the groups might encounter with Webb ' s Nevada and New Jersey gambling operations; Webb ' s recent announcements that it might split up its leisure and real estate operations and possibly sell parts of the company; and the company ' s intention to take hefty writedowns this year from its gambling  lines  .  
 Worlds of Wonder said Friday that it expects Lazer Tag toys -- of which it has $25 million in inventory -- to recover from recent weakness .     It also said it has begun shipment of a new  line  of school accessories and a video game ,  and plans to ship other new toys soon .  
 Then the company took a hard look at its remaining businesses .      " We asked what was it possible to do to eliminate expense without hurting the long-term vitality of those  lines  ,  "  Mr .  Mockler says .  
 Two of its business  lines  -- the manufacture of portable electric power tools and of gas meters -- could easily be spun off or sold .     In 1986 ,  these lines accounted for $294 . 5 million of Singer ' s $1 . 73 billion in revenue .  
 If Singer does become a takeover target ,  a potential acquirer might have a relatively easy time gaining support from institutions ,  which own about 55% of Singer .         While Singer ' s divestiture of its sewing  line  last year was hailed by shareholders and analysts ,  its top management hasn ' t always received the highest praise .  
 In addition to common stock ,  Allied-Signal owns $200 million of Union Texas preferred stock that was purchased last year when Union Texas ' s cash flow fell below specified targets .         Allied-Signal ' s second-quarter net income fell 22% to $148 million ,  or 85 cents a share ,  including profit from continuing operations of $111 million and a $37 million gain from the sale of discontinued  lines  .  
 Tandon had been solely a maker of disk drives for IBM PCs ,  but decided to expand its business after posting hefty losses because of a glut in the disk drive market .         However ,  the company had difficulties with its personal computer  line  domestically ,  and was hurt by the computer industry slump .  
   Tandy Corp .  unveiled additions to both the low end and high end of its computer  line  ,  including a powerful model that is priced about 20% lower than similar machines from International Business Machines Corp .  and Compaq Computer Corp .  
 As expected ,  the Fort Worth ,  Texas-based electronics retailer introduced a machine based on Intel Corp .  ' s 80386 microchip ,  which is becoming the standard chip for the highest performance IBM-compatible computers .          " They ' ve broadened and strengthened their  line  ,  though there aren ' t any technological breakthroughs ,  "  said Eugene Glazer ,  analyst with Dean Witter Reynolds Inc .  in New York .  
 IBM ' s 80386 computers became available in June .         Tandy introduced two additions to the low end of its  line  ,  aimed at two markets that are Tandy ' s traditional strength ,  schools and home users .  
 DONNA RICE ' S link to Gary Hart is starting to pay off .     The Miami actress-model ,  whose relationship with Mr .  Hart upset his presidential campaign ,  will appear in TV commercials and magazine ads this fall for a women ' s sportswear  line  called No Excuses .  
 The beauty industry has been consolidating rapidly in recent years as drug companies have rushed to shed their cosmetics and fragrance businesses .     Meanwhile ,  cosmetics and personal-care companies have snatched up the  lines  ,  preferring to buy established brands rather than build new ones from scratch .  
 Avon hasn ' t changed its plans to expand but doesn ' t see any immediate candidates of Arden ' s size ,  he said .         Early this year ,  Beecham Group PLC sold Diane Von Furstenberg fragrances to Revlon Group Inc .  American Cyanamid Co .  sold the Jacqueline Cochran fragrance and treatment  lines  ,  including the distribution rights to the Nina Ricci line ,  to Sanofi Inc .  Squibb Corp .  sold Charles of the Ritz Group Ltd .  last November to Yves Saint Laurent ,  which in turn sold parts to Revlon months later .  
 Revlon sold Bain de Soleil to Procter & Gamble Co .     The few major beauty  lines  still owned by pharmaceutical companies include Schering-Plough Corp .  ' s Maybelline and Pfizer Inc .  ' s Coty line .  
  " By using this approach ,  an investor can just about get his money back when the pool of equipment is sold ,  "  Mr .  Smith says .         In high technology ,  Phoenix Leasing Inc .  ,  a unit of Phoenix American Inc .  ,  San Rafael ,  Calif .  ,  says it cuts risk in its Cash Distribution Fund II by investing in 12 different  lines  of computers and peripheral equipment and leasing them mainly to Fortune 1000 companies .  
 It ' s not a PCjr by any means ,  "  said Frank L .  Bryant ,  president of Neeco Inc .  ,  a Canton ,  Mass .  ,  computer chain .         While IBM officials and analysts said the company has had some success with its model 30 machine in the education market -- until now the low end of IBM ' s new PS/2  line  -- the company faces stiff competition from both Tandy and Apple .  
 Tandy officials wouldn ' t discuss details of the announcements .         Also widely expected are new additions to the low-end of Tandy ' s computer  line  ,  which are aimed at the company ' s strongest markets ,  in education ,  small business and home computers .     In addition ,  Tandy is expected to unveil a more powerful laptop computer to add to its already successful line .  
 Terms weren ' t disclosed .     Alfin stopped selling its skin-care  lines  last month and said it would take a pretax write-off of $15 million for its fourth quarter ended July 31 ,  in addition to a third-quarter $4 . 6 million reserve ,  to cover costs of leaving the business .  
   Tandy unveiled four additions to its computer  line  ,  including a powerful model priced 20% below similar machines by IBM and Compaq .  
 Producing only one million barrels a year ,  Pittsburgh Brewing ,  which is a unit of Swan Brewing Co .  of Australia isn ' t going to challenge giant Anheuser-Busch Cos .     Still ,  Mr .  Carota ' s job is becoming more complex as the brewery expands its  line  to 18 brands ,  including several beers (Samuel Adams Boston Lager ,  Pennsylvania Pilsner ,  Thirteen Colony Amber ,  Old Heurich) brewed under contract for other companies .  
 SmithKline Beckman ,  based in Philadelphia ,  will own 60% and Sumitomo will own 40% .     The joint venture will be based at SmithKline Beckman ' s Tokyo headquarters ,  and will develop and market the pharmaceutical concerns '   lines  of gastrointestinal ,  cold and analgesic products ,  including SmithKline ' s Contac and cimetidine ,  the active ingredient in Tagamet .  
 The average price Chevron received for West Texas Intermediate ,  a benchmark product ,  rose to $18 a barrel from $14 a year ago; it currently is $20 .          " Although benefiting our domestic exploration and production operations ,  this strengthening in crude oil prices hasn ' t helped our refining and marketing results ,  "  Mr .  Keller added ,  noting that those  lines  were hurt by reduced returns on sales .  
 But even when microwaved food looks and tastes acceptable ,  there can be unexpected snags .     Gary Esbeck ,  marketing manager of frozen foods at Hormel ,  recalls that participants in a recent focus group in Kansas City ,  Kan .  ,  were suspicious of the authentic grill marks on his company ' s  line  of microwavable meats .  
 Sales increased to $159 . 6 million from $116 . 5 million .         Ronald J .  Brown ,  senior vice president ,  marketing and sales ,  said the results reflect strong demand for the latest microcomputers -- Apple Computer Inc .  ' s Apple SE ,  International Business Machines Corp .  ' s Personal System 2  line  and Compaq Computer Corp .  ' s new 386 machine .  
  " There was some initial confusion when IBM announced the PS/2 ,  but now there is major interest in the PS/2 and the other new microcomputers .     At the same time ,  the whole  line  of older products ,  the PC-AT type products ,  is still strong .  "  
  " It is our intention to own the company ,  "  said Howard Bermick ,  Alberto-Culver ' s executive vice president .         Mr .  Bermick said the proposed acquisition ,  if completed ,  would expand Alberto-Culver ' s retail and professional toiletries  line  .  
 Mr .  Kully says Western could raise its net by 25% annually for the next three years by boosting operating profit only 9% a year ,   " simply because interest will go down and goodwill amortization will go down .  "     But he doubts the company can grow much faster than that ,  citing its need for more discipline and focus in its  " helter-skelter "  product development  line  .  
 The exception is X-ray mammography equipment for the diagnosis of breast cancer .      " Thomson has a more complete  line  of mammography equipment ,  "  said Robert L .  Stocking ,  vice president of marketing for GE ' s medical equipment group in Milwaukee .  
 Compaq Computer Corp .  reported that net income more than tripled in the second quarter on burgeoning sales of the company ' s high-end products .         Sales climbed even after International Business Machines Corp .  unveiled a  line  of competing computers April 2 ,  a day after the period began .  
 On June 30 ,  however ,  the day Compaq ' s projection for the second quarter was made public ,  the shares jumped $3 . 375 to close at $46 . 875 a share .         The results also strongly defied nay-sayers who said that Compaq might face a big slowdown in sales after IBM ' s new  line  of computers was introduced .  
 Compaq Computer ' s profit more than tripled in the second quarter ,  exceeding expectations .     Sales continued to increase despite IBM ' s introduction of a competing computer  line  .  
   Ford Motor Co .  said it will spend $900 million to develop a new  line  of auto or truck engines and retool its tractor plant in Romeo ,  Mich .  ,  to produce them .  
   Coleco Industries Inc .  has run into a hairy legal problem over a new  line  of its Cabbage Patch Kids .  
 Putting nylon-rooted hair -- rather than braided cloth hair -- on Cabbage Patch dolls was its concept ,  Alberts says .     According to Alberts ,  Coleco is paying royalties for using the concept on one popular  line  of dolls ,  but not on the Bubble Bath Babies line ,  which was introduced early this year .  
 The suit also asked for unspecified monetary damages .     Arthur Albert ,  who runs Alberts with his wife ,  said he has heard that a proposed  " talking "  Cabbage Patch  line  might also have nylon hair ,  and that he would expect royalty payments on that product ,  too .  
 A week later ,  Clabir ' s General Defense unit said it would buy all of Hi-Shear ' s 5 . 9 million shares for $23 . 50 each .     At that time ,  Clabir and General Defense Chairman Henry D .  Clarke said Hi-Shear ' s new defense products fit well with General Defense ' s  line  of anti-tank weapons .  
 Remind the comptroller that before he can create a bottom  line  ,  someone must generate the top line of the income statement .     By having the sales representative do what he or she does best -- namely ,  meeting directly with the customer -- and by supporting that function with skilled people to do the automated administration for them via cellular phone connections ,  you can change the way your top line is created .  
 Undistracted by the rabble ,  Mr .  Smith ( " Sinjin "  to players and fans) stretches in a beach chair and awaits his first game .     He wears blue and white togs from Sideout -- his personal sportswear  line  that is expected to have revenue of $5 million this year -- and lies under an umbrella bearing the name of a new sportswear shop he runs with his brothers and sisters in nearby Santa Monica .  
   Nissan Motor Corp .  plans to announce today a separate U . S .  dealer network that will market an upscale car  line  ,  dealers familiar with the project said .  
 Nissan Motor Corp .  plans to announce today a separate U . S .  dealer network that will market an upscale car  line  ,  dealers familiar with the project said .         The move would make Nissan the second Japanese auto maker to opt for a separate dealer network in an effort to highlight a new line of cars .  
 One dealer said Nissan told him that the sports coupe would be priced in the low-$30 , 000 range; the sedan may be priced in the mid-$30 , 000 range .     He added that Nissan currently is considering introducing the  line  in the fall of 1988 as 1989 models .  
 The new cars are expected to be powered by an eight-cylinder V8 engine ,  a move that would make Nissan the first Japanese auto maker to introduce a car with that large an engine in the U . S .  Large engines can be very profitable for manufacturers because buyers are willing to pay more for the extra power .         Persons familiar with Nissan ' s plans said the company could require some of the dealers in the new network to have separate facilities for the new car  line  ,  if their current dealership premises can ' t be geared to an upscale market .  
   Stuart Hall Co .  expects fiscal third-quarter net income to decline sharply because of competitive pricing of its school products  line  ,  said Charles G .  Hanson ,  chairman and chief executive officer .  
 But constitutional items should have a longer life ,  since the celebration runs through 1991 .      " We think it has a lot of staying power ,  "  says Tom Elsbernd of Allen Co .  ,  Blanchester ,  Ohio ,  which offers a  line  of commemorative glassware .  
 BRIEFS: The Second City ' s experimental theater group in Chicago opens a new revue ,   " Kukla ,  Fawn and Ollie ,  or Contra Hear Me Knocking .  "   .   .   .     A new  line  of exercise machines for children is called Future Force .  
 International Business Machines Corp .  ,  in a move apparently aimed at shoring up lagging software development efforts ,  has formed a new software division .         In addition ,  IBM has established a marketing unit that will focus on its midrange computer  line  ,  which has been under siege from rivals such as Digital Equipment Corp .  
 Traditionally ,  IBM ' s bread-and-butter has been in operating systems for midrange and mainframe computers ,  the internal software instructions that guide the machines .         The new Applications Systems Division will consolidate IBM ' s world-wide software development activities ,  and help outside software makers write programs for IBM ' s new  line  of personal computers ,  midrange systems and mainframe machines ,  said Joseph M .  Guglielmi ,  president of the new division .  
 He was assistant group executive ,  marketing and support ,  in IBM ' s big marketing arm ,  the Information Systems Group .         Mr .  Ford ' s appointment indicates concern on IBM ' s part over its midrange  lines  ,  which continued to have difficulty in the second quarter .  
 BLACK & DECKER CORP .  said it incorrectly stated in a recent interview that it was placing less emphasis on such personal-care products as hair dryers .     In fact ,  the company said ,  hair dryers and other personal-care  lines  have already been eliminated .  
 Mr .  Schulman said he estimates that fourth-quarter orders rose 25% or more from the strong year-earlier level .     He said the 9370  line  of computers from International Business Machines Corp .  doesn ' t appear to be hurting Digital ' s sales .  
   Prime Computer Inc .  said it added a more powerful system to its  line  of desk-side minicomputers .  
 Comsat said it is negotiating with  " several potential buyers "  for the manufacturing units and the satellites .     The company already has agreed to sell its Comsat International Communications subsidiary and remaining Comsat Technology Products  lines  .  
 Merrill Lynch advanced 7/8 to 36 5/8 .     The brokerage firm was recommended by Smith Barney ,  Harris Upham & Co .  ,  which cited its better-than-expected revenue in its mergers and acquisitions  line  in the second quarter .  
 Sales rose to $2 . 8 billion from $2 . 5 billion last year .     The figures for the 1986 quarter have been restated to exclude sales and expenses of discontinued  lines  .  
 As of March 31 ,  the most recent figure a spokesman said he could obtain ,  Ralston ' s debt totaled $1 . 49 billion .     Much of that debt results from the company ' s $1 . 42 billion acquisition of Union Carbide Corp .  ' s battery division ,  which makes the Eveready  line  ,  in April 1986 .  
 In its fiscal first quarter ended May 2 ,  Marcade earned $2 . 1 million ,  or seven cents a share ,  on revenue of $36 . 1 million .     As previously reported ,  Marcade has agreed to acquire closely held Europe Craft Imports Inc .  ,  maker of the Members Only sportswear  line  ,  for undisclosed terms .  
 Chrysler attributed the jump in operating earnings to cost-cutting moves and to higher profit margins from strong truck and minivan sales .      " We said we were going to put a heavier emphasis on trucks in this company ,  and move upscale to a richer product mix in our car  lines  ,  "  said Lee A .  Iacocca ,  chairman and chief executive officer .  
 Yet even Mr .  Amerman ' s impressive international experience doesn ' t always prepare Mattel for the quirks of some foreign markets .     The company recently started operations in India and was surprised to find that the Masters  line  and Hot Wheel cars far outsold the perennial star ,  Barbie .  
 About $420 million of the total will be spent this year ,  he indicated .         For example ,  Scott management will seek board approval soon for expanding production capacity in Dover ,  Del .  ,  for Softkins ,  a  line  of wet bathroom-tissue products aimed at adult markets .  
 Apollo Computer Inc .  ,  Chelmsford ,  Mass .  ,  said it signed a multimillion-dollar agreement with Cetia S . A .  ,  a subsidiary of Thomson-CSF of France ,  under which Cetia will develop and market workstations based on Apollo computers and software .     The contract calls for Apollo to deliver systems and servers from its Domain Series 3000 workstations and its DN500  line  of graphics workstations over the next five years .  
 The closing of the plant ,  which makes bias passenger and truck tires and radial light truck tires ,  will result in the layoff of 1 , 300 workers .     The unit said any charges for the closing were included in a $65 million provision its parent took in last year ' s fourth quarter for the restructuring of its North American tire  lines  .  
   Du Pont Co .  ,  Wilmington ,  Del .  ,  said it plans a $60 million expansion of manufacturing capacity for its Zytel  line  of nylon resins in Uentrop ,  West Germany .  
 Mr .  Exley said orders were  " particularly strong "  for the company ' s personal computers and Tower family of supermicrocomputers .     The company in May bolstered its personal computer  line  with three new computers and a workstation ,  including one based on Intel Corp .  ' s powerful 80386 microprocessor .  
 The household appliance company ' s net in the quarter fell to $47 . 4 million ,  or 65 cents a share ,  from $52 . 4 million ,  or 71 cents a share ,  in the 1986 second quarter .     The company blamed the decline on ,  among other things ,  the depreciation and engineering costs of introducing a  line  of KitchenAid refrigerators and laundry appliances in the first quarter .  
 Alco Standard Corp .  said it plans to sell its Alco Beverage Co .  unit ,  Alco Gift and Glassware subsidiary and Alco Packaging and Metalsource Corp .  ' s steel distribution operations .     The  lines  represent almost 15% of the company ' s total revenue .  
 But a dealer ,  a large customer and several IBM insiders confirm that an announcement is nigh .         IBM had seemed to abandon the low end of the personal computer market when it introduced its new Personal System/2  line  in early April .  
 But  " they still were making money on the XT ,  and IBM does not leave money on the table ,  "  said Bob Orbach ,  director of business development at 47th Street Computer ,  a New York retailer .         IBM is expected to bring out a machine that uses the same central processor as the XT ,  has the same color monitor as the machine that is at the low end of the company ' s new PC  line  ,  according to the industry executives .  
 Historically ,  IBM remains flexible until the last possible moment on the pricing and configuration of a new product ,  so the industry sources caution that their information is somewhat speculative .         Though IBM ' s new  line  of personal computers has done moderately well ,  it is by no means certain that a new low-end machine would succeed .  
 Tandy said it thinks it would continue to hold a price advantage over IBM .      " You ' re competing with equipment that ' s available  .   .   .  in Tandy ' s  line  from $599 up ,  and we discount ,  "  said Ed Juge ,  director of market planning at Tandy .  
  " You ' re competing with equipment that ' s available  .   .   .  in Tandy ' s  line  from $599 up ,  and we discount ,  "  said Ed Juge ,  director of market planning at Tandy .         Separately ,  dealers said IBM has begun offering additional discounts on its new line of personal computers and has begun paying freight charges .  
 That was much less than expected ,  analysts said ,  and reflected heavy discounting in response to competition .         IBM said both orders and shipments increased during the quarter ,  and singled out its new  line  of personal computers as showing particular strength .  
 IBM said its after-tax profit margin fell to 8 . 4% from 10 . 4% in the 1986 half .         In the second half ,  IBM is expected to benefit as it starts to ship in volume the new versions of its 3090 mainframes ,  its 9370 minicomputers and some products in its new personal computer  line  .  
   Ford Motor Co .  ,  Dearborn ,  Mich .  ,  said it is investing $563 million in a new  line  of light trucks and the expansion of its Louisville ,  Ky .  ,  truck assembly plant to accommodate production of the trucks .     The auto maker said $260 million will be used for the expansion ,  and $303 million will be used for development ,  engineering and other costs related to the truck line .  
 Heinz said the transaction is subject to completion of a definitive agreement .         Champion Valley Farms ,  based in Bloomsburg ,  Pa .  ,  makes a  line  dog food products marketed under the  " Recipe "  brand .  
 The PC1 ,  which will arrive on the Italian market this month ,  has a base price of one million lire ($750) .     Its operating program makes it compatible with models made by INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORP .  and other main computer  lines  .  
 As part of the agreement ,  Cooper will acquire certain rights to use the Joy name and trademark in connection with the acquired business .         Cooper ,  a maker of tools and compression and drilling equipment ,  said the new businesses complement its existing compressor  lines  and should improve its market position and extend the horsepower range it can offer in certain types of compressors .  
 From a 52-week low of 26 ,  Microsoft shares nearly quintupled to a peak closing price of 126 1/2 reached May 8 ,  ranking the stock as one of the great stories of the current bull market .         Behind the move: strong sales of personal computer clones that also use the PC operating system Microsoft developed for International Business Machines ,  and IBM ' s decision to use Microsoft software in its new PC  line  .  
 But now he believes the risk is on the downside .         With second-quarter PC software business down 5% to 10% from the March quarter and third-quarter prospects uncertain due to customer confusion about the new IBM  line  ,  the Roberston Colman analyst says ,   " there is going to be an unusual lack of visibility at a time when investors needed some comfort .  "  
 Since 1984 ,  Mattel has tried to focus on toys ,  abandoning its electronics and entertainment businesses .         Recently ,  Mattel has been hurt by slumping demand in the U . S .  for its Masters of the Universe and Rainbow Brite toy  lines  .  
 The operating system is software that directs some of a computer ' s basic operations .         The OS/2 system ,  scheduled for release in the 1988 first quarter ,  was announced April 2 ,  the same day International Business Machines Corp .  unveiled its Personal System/2 computer  line  .  
   Northern Telecom Ltd .  is expected to unveil today a new  line  of digital telephone switch hardware and software that doubles the current voice and data processing capacity of its existing switches .  
 In early May ,  the New York attorney general ' s office said it was investigating Alfin ' s advertising claims for Glycel .     In late May ,  Alfin said it would refocus its business back to fragrances ,  its original business ,  and said it had hired Bear ,  Stearns & Co .  to study alternatives including the sale of the skin-care  line  .  
 In late May ,  Alfin said it would refocus its business back to fragrances ,  its original business ,  and said it had hired Bear ,  Stearns & Co .  to study alternatives including the sale of the skin-care  line  .         Besides Glycel ,  Alfin ' s skin-care line includes Birthright cosmetics for pregnant women ,  and Irma Shorell ,  a diversified line of cosmetics that Alfin acquired in 1985 .  
   International Minerals & Chemical Corp .  said its Mallinckrodt Inc .  unit is divesting a handful of peripheral businesses as part of an effort to focus on  lines  with higher profit margins and stronger market positions .  
 International Minerals & Chemical Corp .  said its Mallinckrodt Inc .  unit is divesting a handful of peripheral businesses as part of an effort to focus on  lines  with higher profit margins and stronger market positions .         Proceeds from the sale of the various lines are expected to exceed $100 million ,  the company said .  
 Terms of the two transactions weren ' t disclosed .         In addition ,  Mallinckrodt has put its Forma Scientific laboratory-equipment business and its barium gastrointestinal imaging-products  line  on the block ,  International Minerals said .  
   Sun Microsystems Inc .  is slated to introduce today a new  line  of high-performance workstations that provide the horsepower of conventional minicomputers costing 10 times as much .  
 In April ,  Sun chopped the price on its low-end workstation 37% to less than $5 , 000 ,  a move that has since been matched by its main competitors ,  Apollo Computer Inc .  and Digital Equipment .     The company also recently announced a  line  of communications products that can connect a full array of personal computers ,  workstations ,  minicomputers ,  mainframes and supercomputers .  
 Between 40% and 50% of Data Translation ' s products are used in International Business Machines Corp .  personal computers ,  or IBM compatible machines .     Mr .  Molinari said the company is designing products for the IBM PS/2  line  of personal computers ,  as well as for Apple Computer Co .  ' s new Macintosh II .  
 For Texas Instruments ,  the agreement is one of its first major announcements to flesh out a business strategy the company outlined in December ,  emphasizing alliances with other semiconductor makers .         Intel is an obvious choice in that strategy ,  analysts said ,  because Texas Instruments '   line  of semiconductors is weakest where Intel ' s is strongest .  
  " This gives rise to hope ,  "  Mr .  Mandresh said .         The bullish analysts said many IBM customers ordered the company ' s new 3090E  line  ,  a series of enhanced versions of its mainframe computers ,  and many others upgraded their existing machines .  
 He added that ,   " by the 1990s ,  concern about IBM ' s dominance of the industry will resurface .  "         Still ,  it remains to be seen how fully customers will adopt the 9370 mid-range  line  and IBM ' s new line of personal computers .  
   Sun Microsystems will unveil today a  line  of computer workstations it hopes will be the industry standard .  
 Mr .  Schafer moves quickly to suit his shoppers '  tastes .     When the AIDS epidemic struck ,  he introduced a  line  of key chains bearing plastic-encased condoms and the message ,   " In case of AIDS ,  break glass .  "     When Saks Fifth Avenue made a splash with S . F . A .  T-shirts ,  South of the Border ' s T-shirt shop introduced the S . O . B .  fashion line .  
 The company will add a new melting furnace ,  upgrade an existing furnace and install new glass-forming equipment .     An additional 100 jobs are expected as a result of the improvements ,  which will allow the plant to add to its  line  of scientific glassware .  
 E-II ,  to be headed by former Esmark Chairman Donald P .  Kelly ,  is an offshoot of closely held Beatrice .     The new company ,  which contains Beatrice ' s non-food businesses ,  such as Samsonite luggage and Stiffel lamps ,  and some smaller specialty-food  lines  ,  will be used primarily as a vehicle for acquisitions .  
 He couldn ' t be reached yesterday for comment .         The new company contains Beatrice ' s non-food businesses ,  such as Samsonite luggage and Stiffel lamps ,  and some its smaller specialty-food  lines  .  
 She owns a London wine bar and recently bought a big house in the country ,  where she plans to install herself and the entire family (Mum ,  Dad ,  kid sis and the dogs) .     She ' s also launched a  line  of cosmetics .  
 At a news conference scheduled for today at the Marriott Marquis Hotel in New York ,  Compaq will roll out some computer industry royalty -- its own president ,  Rod Canion ,  plus a triumvirate of software princes: Chairmen William Gates of Microsoft Corp .  ,  Edward M .  Esber of Ashton-Tate Co .  and Jim P .  Manzi of Lotus Development Corp .     The purpose: to put out the word that the new  line  of computers from International Business Machines Corp .  hasn ' t locked Compaq computers out of important future advances in software .  
 Applications software ,  such as spreadsheets and word processors ,  is written to fit  " over "  the operating system .         OS/2 was introduced April 2 along with the new  line  of computers from IBM .  
 While it isn ' t out yet ,  Microsoft says it will run on computers currently available ,  like those made by Compaq and others ,  as well as on the new IBM models that deviate in some ways from the standard design that Compaq uses .         Compaq apparently thinks some computer buyers believe OS/2 can only be used on the new IBM  line  .  
 If buyers are confused ,  it isn ' t surprising .     For one thing ,  the new IBM  line  is ,  not coincidentally ,  called PS/2 .  
 What ' s more ,  while Microsoft has done most of the development on OS/2 ,  IBM is making some slight alterations and will put out its own version ,  called IBM OS/2 .     In its public statements ,  IBM hasn ' t denied that OS/2 will run on computers made by Compaq and others ,  but it says the system will run faster and with clearer graphics on the new IBM  line  .  
  " I find a lot of my clients equate PS/2 with OS/2 and figure everyone else is out in the cold .  "         Industry watchers say IBM may well be right that OS/2 will run better on the new PS/2  line  ,  which includes some hardware enhancements that other computer makers don ' t have yet .  
 The acquisition will allow Bell Atlantic to start a new leasing unit for medical equipment ,  particularly medical imaging devices ,  the spokesman said .     The company intends to fold National Funding ' s other leasing  lines  into Tricon .  
 Mr .  Johnson said that the company hasn ' t any immediate plans to make an acquisition and that it hasn ' t acquired a new company for at least 10 years .      " We ' ve had all that we can do to improve the  lines  that we ' re in ,  "  he said .  
 Earlier this month ,  BSN entered negotiations to acquire Medalist Industries Inc .  ,  a Milwaukee-based maker of commercial and industrial products ,  for $25 a share .     Last year ,  BSN purchased Medalist ' s protective equipment division ,  adding it to its  line  of cheerleader supplies and its Tennis Lady Inc .  chain of athletic clothing stores .  
 A Fireman ' s Fund spokeswoman said the decision applies to all kinds of insurance written by Fireman ' s Fund and its affiliates .      " Massachusetts doesn ' t allow a company to withdraw from just one  line  ,  "  the spokeswoman said .  
  " We ' ve never handled Toshiba .     We don ' t have a need for the  line  ,  "  said Warren G .  Hyman ,  chairman of Newmark & Lewis Inc .  ,  a retail chain based in Hicksville ,  N . Y .  
 He runs a pro tournament in Los Angeles for Volvo ,  is chairman of the Southern California Tennis Association ,  and is active in junior-development programs for the U . S .  Tennis Association .         Perhaps most notably ,  Wilson Sporting Goods Co .  ,  with whom he has been associated since he turned pro ,  just came out with a new  line  of mid-sized graphite rackets that will bear his name .  
 Compaq computers range in price from about $2 , 000 to about $9 , 000 .         The increases -- similar to gains the company has registered in previous quarters -- indicate that Compaq ' s products are faring well despite new competition and uncertainty created by International Business Machines Corp .  ' s new  line  of personal computers that debuted on April 2 .  
 The microprocessor is a complex of integrated circuits on one silicon chip that performs the computer ' s basic computations .         Mr .  Canion was cautious ,  however ,  about drawing conclusions regarding the success of the new IBM  line  .  
 CCX ,  a maker of tool steel ,  glass fiber and wire screening ,  said the charge consists mainly of a $9 , 870 , 000 write-down of assets and closing expenses related to certain domestic and foreign specialty steel operations .         The company also had another ,  smaller one-time charge and some profit from discontinued  lines  in the quarter .  
 Volvo Cars ,  a Dutch auto maker ,  is owned 70% by the Dutch government and 30% by Volvo ,  a Swedish auto maker .         The Dutch Economics Ministry said that as part of the debt rescheduling ,  a second dedicated trust would be created to help fund future model  lines  .  
 Mr .  Krumm said in an interview that slowly rising interest rates and a downturn in the housing industry will hurt the industry after four years of record sales .         Mr .  Krumm said the Magic Chef acquisition moved Maytag into the major appliance  lines  in which it wants to be ,  such as refrigerators and ranges .  
 He said one reason for the expected gain is that the company expects to benefit from the new federal tax law .         Mr .  Atwater attributed the gains largely to strong increases in unit volume and market share by the food and restaurant company ' s packaged food  lines  ,  including cereals ,  flour ,  Betty Crocker baking and dessert mixes and Gorton ' s frozen seafood .  
 Before the 1986 fourth quarter ,  the ailing auto maker ' s most recent profit was in the 1984 fourth quarter .         Mr .  Cappy made the forecast here while introducing part of AMC ' s 1988-model  line  .  
  " Perelman wants this company bad enough that he ' s willing to pay enough to get it ,  "  said one person close to the Revlon chairman .     Mr .  Perelman has argued that combining Revlon ' s cosmetics products with Gillette ' s  lines  would create one of the world ' s most formidable consumer-products companies .  
 In the past five months ,  no fewer than five bids have been made for Becor ,  a century-old Rust Belt fixture in South Milwaukee ,  Wis .     Becor ' s excavation equipment  lines  are well regarded ,  and they fit well with most of the suitors '  businesses .  
 The spokeswoman added that the company is notifying existing policyholders their policies will be canceled in 60 days .     She said Liberty isn ' t writing any new workers '  compensation policies in the state but it will continue to handle other  lines  .  
 KRAFT INC .  said it completed the previously reported acquisition of the Anderson Clayton Foods division from Quaker Oats Co .  for $235 million .     The Glenview ,  Ill . -based food concern said the unit ,  which includes the Chiffon margarine and Seven Seas salad dressing  lines  ,  had sales of $433 million in fiscal 1986 .  
   Caterpillar Inc .  said it was selected by Navistar International Corp .  ,  a Chicago-based truck manufacturer ,  to supply fuel system components for Navistar ' s future  line  of diesel engines .  
 Current sales: 1 , 000 meals a month .     Two Minneapolis-area hospitals plan national distribution this year of their Nutritious Cuisine  line  ,  made by a local food processor .     American Hospital Supply Corp .  plans a line of special-diet meals to help increase hospital food-service revenues .  
 American Hospital Supply Corp .  plans a  line  of special-diet meals to help increase hospital food-service revenues .     NutraCare Inc .  ,  Newport Beach ,  Calif .  ,  expands its line of hospital-marketed meals ,  hoping hospitals themselves will begin using them for patients .  
 J Boats Inc .  ,  Newport ,  R . I .  ,  predicts sales of 22-foot to 36-foot sailboats will double in the next 10 years .         Still ,  some sailboat makers hedge their bets by starting powerboat  lines ; others drop their sailboat lines altogether .  
 Parker G .  Montgomery ,  chairman and architect of a series of such spinoffs of CooperVision companies over the past several years ,  said the proposed actions are designed to  " help maximize shareholder value .  "         The company ' s eye-care products  line  had sales of $162 million in fiscal 1986 .  
   Your May 7 story on ITT Corp .  ' s potential sale to an investor of its telex  line  and its merger with Western Union stated that if the LeBow group also bought the telex business of RCA Corp .  ,  the resulting combination of all three telex businesses would result in MCI Communications Corp .  ' s being the only remaining U . S . -based competitor in the international telex business .  
 Ing .     C .  Olivetti & Co .  introduced a  line  of six personal computers designed to compete with a group of machines unveiled in April by International Business Machines Corp .  
 Both can be used either in local-area networks or alone .     In addition ,  the  line  includes a workstation called the S-281 for use in networks and a low-end ,  stand-alone model called the M-240 .  
  " It will be a record year in terms of (unit) volume and revenue "  for IBM personal computer sales ,  Mr .  Lowe said .     He added that IBM has increased its sales forecast for the machines since the April 2 introduction of the PS/2  line  .  
 In composite New York Stock Exchange trading yesterday ,  IBM closed at $164 . 875 a share ,  up $1 . 625 ,  and was the third most-active issue with 2 . 2 million shares changing hands .         Earlier this month ,  rumors were widespread that the PS/2  line  was selling poorly and that its new operating system -- the software that controls the basic functions and promises enhanced capabilities for the IBM computers -- would be delayed .  
 The availability of the special IBM-designed version of the operating system ,  which will give the new computers features that makers of less expensive compatible machines can ' t easily copy ,  will be announced in the fourth quarter .         Mr .  Lowe also indicated that most of IBM ' s old personal computer  line  will be phased out by the end of the year .  
 As foolish as the question may seem ,  Rep .  Wyden ' s bill is sillier still .     We might avoid much legislative nonsense if he and other congressmen would learn a basic truth of economics: Any attribution of costs ,  and therefore profits ,  to different  lines  in a multi-product firm is entirely arbitrary .  
 Ford ' s sales jumped 14 . 1% in mid-June .     A number of its car  lines  ,  including the Crown Victoria and Taurus ,  posted gains .  
 GM may allow inventories to remain high as leverage against a possible strike by the United Auto Workers union during contract talks that start in July .     Still ,  the excess of 1987 models crowding dealer lots could hinder GM ' s efforts to introduce its 1988-model  line  this fall ,  which is why many analysts expect more financing incentives or bigger production cuts .  
   Ramada Inc .  ,  adding budget motels to its current  line  of midpriced and high-priced lodgings ,  said it acquired Parkmount Hospitality Corp .  and its 160 Rodeway Inns in the U . S .  from a unit of London-based Ladbroke Group PLC .  
 After a three-year string of successes in the European computer market ,  AMSTRAD CONSUMER ELECTRONICS PLC of Britain has encountered its first major sales disappointment .         A spokesman for the fast-growing company confirmed that sales of an important new computer  line  are running below original expectations .  
 Unconfirmed reports of the sales setback ,  circulated by London financial analysts ,  had wiped #280 million ($450 million) ,  or 23% ,  off Amstrad ' s stock-market value in the past three weeks .         The computer  line  ,  Amstrad ' s PC-1512 range of personal computers ,  compatible with the industry-standard International Business Machines Corp .  PC ,  was launched last September with great fanfare .  
   Marcade Group Inc .  ,  an apparel maker ,  said it agreed to acquire closely held Europe Craft Imports Inc .  ,  which makes the Members Only sportswear  line  .  
 No one considers the strong-willed Mr .  Sarni a pushover .     He wins praise from analysts and shareholderas as a cost-cutter who has expanded overseas sales and moved the company from slow growing commodity-type businesses into higher-margin specialty  lines  .  
 Stauffer ' s specialty-chemical division makes lubricants ,  flame retardants ,  additives for the synthetic-rubber industry and catalysts for the petrochemical industry .     All are sectors that exist within Akzo ' s  lines  .  
 American Brands agreed to buy ACCO World Corp .  ,  an office-supply concern ,  for $29 a share ,  or $602 million .     The purchase continues American Brands '  aggressive acquisition of consumer-products  lines  .  
 Though Bausch & Lomb argued against the recall ,  it said the court order wouldn ' t affect its finances because retail inventories of the solution are small .     The Rochester-based company said it had already introduced an improved  line  of saline solutions known as Hypo-Clear .  
 The Dutch electronics maker already supplies LCD screens for computer ,  industrial and professional applications .     Japanese electronics companies have been producing televisions with five-centimeter LCD screens; Philips plans to launch a  line  of sets with six-centimeter LCD screens later this year .  
 The family of David Grutman ,  a Barco vice president ,  has agreed to tender to the Donners the 600 , 000 shares it controls ,  Barco said .     Michael Donner said the family hasn ' t any immediate plans to expand the company ,  but will develop existing  lines  of the business ,  founded by the elder Mr .  Donner ' s stepfather in 1929 .  
 Most of the charge in the current period stems from a decision to halt production of a disk drive ,  Quantum said ,  and as a result ,  it intends to dismiss 29 employees ,  or about 3% of its work force .     Quantum said it canceled the product as part of an effort to concentrate on its core  line  of disk drives and development of higher-performance ,  smaller disk drives .  
 Among the more attractive assets that could be sold is the mail-handling equipment business .     Mr .  Boksen estimates the  line  alone could fetch between $250 million and $300 million .  
   Pennwalt Corp .  said it agreed in principle to acquire a  line  of fungicides ,  insecticides and herbicides and their related manufacturing facilities from Le Raffineries de Soufre Reunies of Marseilles ,  France .  
 Fleet said it also acquired the lease for Equipment Finance ' s offices in New York and agreed to retain its staff of 40 .         Providence ,  R . I . -based Fleet Financial is a bank holding company operating several  lines  of financial services ,  including commercial and trust banking ,  mortgage banking ,  real estate lending ,  investment banking and data processing .  
 Fremont earlier took a $31 . 4 million charge against third-quarter earnings to cover potential losses from certain discontinued operations .     Moody ' s said its review will focus on Fremont ' s off-balance-sheet exposure and the adequacy of its reserves for discontinued  lines  .  
 A few interactive toys are already on the market .     A  line  of  " Captain Power "  figures from Mattel Inc .  ,  for example ,  can exchange infrared gunfire with the villains in a new cartoon show .  
 He hasn ' t eliminated enough jobs ,  many analysts say ,  and he has also been criticized for unveiling some products too soon .     For instance ,  IBM ' s new  line  of personal computers were introduced in April ,  while the line ' s new operating system won ' t be available until next month .  
 Later on ,  it is expected to roll out operating-system software that would even more sharply increase the processing speed and would finally let programmers take advantage of some of the fancy new features of the current hardware .         Then ,  by 1990 ,  IBM is expected to announce a whole new  line  of mainframes ,  starting the product cycle all over again and making its competitors play catch-up for a while .  
   Advertising agency J .  Walter Thompson Co .  ,  which has endured a string of recent account losses ,  yesterday lost PepsiCo Inc .  ' s Slice soft drink  line  .  
 The human group was paced by an 18% rise in its naproxen and naproxen sodium anti-arthritic drugs .     The company ' s diagnostics  lines  showed an 8% sales increase ,  while sales of animal-health products rose 7% from a year ago .  
  " This could be a terrific opportunity for good value ,  mid-priced brands to reassert themselves ,  "  says Nancy Posternak ,  managing director of strategic services at Thompson .      " People still will splurge on a European car or the top-of-the  line  stereo system ,  but they may choose a lower-priced dishwasher or TV set if the brand is perceived as a good buy .  "  
 The company also said the base prices for its 1988-model cars will be an average 1 . 7% ,  or $195 ,  higher than 1987 models .     Chrysler has been announcing prices piecemeal but yesterday gave firm prices for its entire model  line  .  
  " You don ' t normally see price reductions in the model year ,  you usually see incentives .  "         The company ' s pricing moves are meant to increase buyer interest in Chrysler ' s slow-selling  line  .  
 C .  Olivetti & Co .  ,  the Italian computer maker ,  is bracing for trouble following the stock-market crash ,  but company executives said they remain optimistic about a revival of sagging profits next year .         To speed its expected comeback ,  Europe ' s second-biggest maker of personal computers yesterday introduced a  line  of powerful minicomputers and a new marketing strategy designed to increase its slipping share of world computer sales .  
 Analysts predict net income will fall as much as a third this year ,  from 565 . 5 billion lire in 1986 .         One problem has been flat sales of Olivetti ' s five-year-old  line  of minicomputers .     The new line of minicomputers shown yesterday seeks to boost Olivetti ' s minicomputer sales by 50% annually over the next two years ,  Mr .  Levi said .  
 A lawyer for Elizabeth Taylor Co .  couldn ' t be reached for comment .         Unilever Group ' s ChesebroughPond ' s Inc .  unit ,  which distributes and licenses Ms .  Taylor ' s  line  of perfumes ,  said it wouldn ' t comment until it has reviewed the opinion .  
   Fidelity Investments is preparing a major expansion of its year-old  line  of Plymouth funds and ,  in effect ,  is hiring its competitors as its sales force .  
 It traditionally has sold its funds through direct marketing techniques ,  such as newspaper and magazine advertising backed by a telephone network .     Although the company clearly isn ' t abandoning such methods ,  it is looking to broker-dealers to sell the new fund  line  .  
 That compares with $3 . 3 billion through direct marketing .         To try to tap that market ,  Fidelity last year rounded up a  " pilot group "  of 12 brokerage firms ,  financial planners and others to sell the Plymouth  line  .  
 All Plymouth portfolios are run by Fidelity managers ,  or what William T .  Ryan ,  Plymouth ' s general manager ,  calls  " the first team .  "         In fact ,  the first Plymouth fund ,  the Special Situations Fund ,  was a well-established Fidelity capital-appreciation portfolio that was moved over to anchor the Plymouth  line  .  
   Kaypro Corp .  ,  which entered the computer sales market in 1982 with a  line  of transportable computers ,  said it discontinued the line ,  and partly as a result ,  the computer products concern posted a fiscal fourth-quarter net loss .  
 Kaypro Corp .  ,  which entered the computer sales market in 1982 with a  line  of transportable computers ,  said it discontinued the line ,  and partly as a result ,  the computer products concern posted a fiscal fourth-quarter net loss .         Kaypro said the line of transportables ,  which are larger and bulkier than portable machines ,  was dropped because of  " competitive pressures and the amount of sales effort "  required to promote it .     The line accounted for only about 5% of Kaypro ' s sales of $105 . 6 million for the fiscal year ended Aug .  28 ,  a company spokeswoman said .  
 In national over-the-counter trading yesterday ,  Kaypro shares closed at $1 . 0625 ,  down 0 . 1875 cents .         Sales of the Kaypro transportable  line  have dwindled in recent years ,  as smaller ,  lighter-weight laptop computers have gained popularity .  
 Kaypro has focused lately on other computer products ,  and in 1985 introduced its personal computer that is compatible with International Business Machines Corp .  ' s PC AT ,  marketing it primarily to small businesses and professionals .         Andrew F .  Kay ,  Kaypro chairman ,  said eliminating the transportable  line  would allow the company to concentrate on marketing of  " a smaller group of mainstream technology computers .  "  
 Goodyear ' s departure from Thompson was expected; the tire maker had said in June it would leave Thompson if WPP ' s bid succeeded .     Although Goodyear will move most of its account to New York-based Young & Rubicam ,  a closely held ad agency ,  Thompson will keep the company ' s high-performance tire  line  .  
 In national over-the-counter trading yesterday ,  Ashton-Tate ' s stock fell $2 to $17 . 50 .         Ashton-Tate cited strong sales of its MultiMate word processing software  line  and  " rapid acceptance "  of its dBASE Mac ,  a database management software product for users of Apple Computer Inc .  ' s Macintosh model .  
 The company said it expects to bring to market in 1988 new products which it predicted will  " have a significant impact on the computer industry .  "     A spokesman said the company is planning another generation of its dBASE  line  ,  additional products for the Macintosh ,  and more software aimed at letting dBASE users on a personal computer access information stored on larger systems .  
 DeVilbiss accounted for $250 million ,  or about 28% ,  of Champion ' s total 1986 sales of $883 . 8 million .     But the unit had a loss last year ,  and analysts have said its  lines  of auto-painting systems and health-care products didn ' t match well with Champion ' s basic auto-parts business .  
 Prestolite also will purchase buildings and land in Arcade ,  N . Y .  ,  where the products are made .         Motorola said that the two  lines  no longer fit its business strategy and that their sale is part of the company ' s plan to focus on high-technology electronics .  
 Sears also will develop a Disney brand of merchandise .         Sears ' s  line  of Winnie-the-Pooh clothes and accessories ,  developed under a previous 22-year-old exclusive licensing agreement with Disney ,  has generated sales of more than $1 billion in the past decade ,  the company said .  
   Eastman Kodak Co .  said it will begin marketing a new  line  of medical kits to be used in physicians '  offices to test for pregnancy and various infectious diseases .  
 Olivetti ,  Europe ' s second-largest supplier of personal computers ,  was  " trying to convince everybody that whatever IBM {International Business Machines Corp .  ,  the first-ranking supplier} can do ,  they can do better ,  "  recalls customer John Heaps ,  deputy general manager of Britannia Building Society ,  a British thrift institution .     The Olivetti sales pitch succeeded: A few weeks later ,  Britannia spent #4 million ($7 . 2 million) on a new  line  of Olivetti personal computers for its tellers .  
 The most powerful model -- which Olivetti bought from Scottsdale ,  Ariz . -based Edge Computer Corp .  -- crunches numbers about four times faster than Olivetti ' s existing  "  Line  1 "  minicomputers .     The Edge model is expected to cost more than twice the 50 million lire of Olivetti ' s top-priced mini in its current line .  
 Among other things ,  analysts say ,  it risks confusing customers and dealers because its  Line  2 machines also may compete with minicomputers it already markets in Europe for AT&T .         The expected unveiling of the new minicomputer line ,  along with September ' s introduction of a line of new Olivetti personal computers ,  seems to correct one of Olivetti ' s biggest problems this year .  
 ICI has folded the agrichemicals business into its ICI Americas Inc .  unit ,  based in Wilmington ,  Del .         Then ,  in short order ,  ICI sold Stauffer ' s specialty-chemical  line  ,  to Akzo N . V .  of the Netherlands for $625 million ,  and agreed to sell the basic-chemicals business ,  to France ' s state-owned Rhone-Poulenc S . A .  for $505 million .  
 Yet Mr .  McDonald has brought some surprises of his own .     Since the annual meeting ,  he has backed off a rosy earnings projection and delayed the introduction of a new computer  line  ,  and the company has said it is the subject of a Securities and Exchange Commission investigation .  
   Brokerage houses are rolling out a new  line  of defensive investment products and strategies to appeal to investors still quaking from the Oct .  19 stock-market crash .  
 Last year ,  for example ,  the company announced a  " silver parachute "  plan to help protect all company employees -- not just executives -- in case of a hostile takeover .         The company also pioneered the open office concept with its  " Action Office "   line  of furniture .     That line is being succeeded by a line of flexible office components called Ethospace ,  which was introduced in 1985 and uses removable tiles to adjust to different situations .  
 But the Omni and Horizon account for less than 40% of Chrysler ' s sales drop ,  and the addition of American Motors car sales -- where year-to-year comparisons are terrible -- for only an additional 15% .         The problem also lies in such places as Chrysler ' s midsize LeBaron  line  ,  which has had flat sales this year ,  even though it has been expanded to four models from two .  
   Commodore International Ltd .  ,  West Chester ,  Pa .  ,  said fiscal first-quarter net income jumped 70% on increased sales of its Amiga  line  of computers ,  but revenue edged down 1 . 2% .  
 Shipments of two of the three Amiga models began only this year .     Mr .  Gould said sales also were strong for another  line  ,  its PC-compatible computers .  
 But its task is formidable .     The company ' s model 64 computer is mature ,  and its personal-computer  line  is up against stiff competition from giants like International Business Machines Corp .  ,  Apple Computer Inc .  and Tandy Corp .  
 Lexus cars ,  which will cost in the low $30 , 000 range ,  will be introduced in an increasingly crowded marketplace .     They will compete not only with established luxury cars but with Honda Motor Co .  ' s new Acura  line  and Nissan Motor Corp .  ' s planned Infiniti luxury cars ,  which it intends to introduce in 1989 .  
   International Business Machines Corp .  said it upgraded its  line  of System/88 computers .  
 Daihatsu will originally limit sales to eight Western states ,  and its product  line  will include only three separate models ,  which the company describes as in the high range of  " entry-level "  cars .     But it said it will eventually expand throughout the country and may offer a full line .  
   Quaker Oats Co .  said it ' s considering bidding on certain of Beatrice Co .  ' s food  lines  .  
 Quaker Oats Co .  said it ' s considering bidding on certain of Beatrice Co .  ' s food  lines  .         William D .  Smithburg ,  chairman and chief executive officer ,  told reporters after the company ' s annual meeting yesterday that he ' s interested in such Beatrice lines as Hunt tomato products ,  Wesson cooking oils and Tropicana juices .     But he said he hasn ' t decided to make a bid for any of the lines .  
 I ' m sure Mr .  Silverglade inadvertently overlooked the fact that Campbell has sold low-sodium soups for years .     Also ,  this past summer we brought out a  line  of  " Special Request "  soups with one-third less salt .  
 Sales rose 29% to $59 . 7 million from $46 . 2 million .         Talley said the loss included charges of $19 . 8 million from discontinued operations ,  reflecting anticipated losses in the planned divestitures of Talley ' s slow-growing consumer  lines  .  
 The 12-acre facility produces chemicals used in the personal care ,  detergent ,  agricultural and oil-field chemical industries .     National Distillers is an energy and chemicals concern here; the company has shed its distilling  lines  and has said it plans to change its name ,  effective Jan .  1 ,  to Quantum Chemical Corp .  ,  subject to shareholder approval .  
 The survival rate for most new toys is pretty dismal .     But Tyco Toys Inc .  has devised a marketing strategy for one of its new toy  lines  that sounds practically suicidal .  
 Even though Christmas gifts account for roughly 60% of all toy sales ,  the company is ignoring the holiday altogether this year .     Not until Dec .  26 will it begin a $10 million advertising and promotional push for its Dino-Riders  line  of dinosaur action figures .  
 Moreover ,  kids will be itchy to spend holiday gift money and will probably have a few presents they want to exchange as well .         Robert Lurie ,  Tyco ' s vice president of advertising ,  says the post-Christmas introduction of the Dino-Riders  line  is primarily a marketing decision ,  but he concedes that production delays also influenced the timing .      " About two-thirds of the line could have been ready for Christmas ,  "  he says ,   " but if we had hurried it ,  the quality and authenticity of the dinosaurs might not have been as good .  "  
 In 1986 ,  IBM ' s fourth-quarter earnings dropped 48% to $1 . 39 billion ,  or $2 . 28 a share .     Most analysts expect much stronger earnings in the current quarter primarily because of lower expenses and new products such as the company ' s new personal computer  line  and its model 9370 mid-range computer .     However ,  Mr .  Akers said that IBM ' s mainframe line -- the model 3090 -- would show only slight growth for the year .  
 GM said the move ,  in addition to other things ,  helps the company ensure that workers keep their skills sharp .         The auto maker said the cutbacks will be particularly apparent in the Celebrity and Cutlass Ciera model  lines  .  
 A Medalist spokesman said the company hasn ' t had contact with BSN in a while and that BSN is leaving its options open by saying it might seek control of Medalist while lowering its stake .         The filing said that should BSN increase its stake ,  it may seek representation or even majority representation on Medalist ' s board ,  or sell certain  lines  of Medalist ' s business  " not complementing BSN ' s current businesses .  "  
 Toyota already makes about 200 Corolla FX and FX-16 model cars a day in with General Motors Corp .  at a joint venture plant in Fremont ,  Calif .     The engines in both those  lines  are 1 . 6 liter .  
 The company ,  taken private last year by its management and Merrill Lynch ,  also concerns analysts .     Public documents indicate that the company ' s earnings are far behind projections ,  largely because of continuing softness in the trailer and container businesses -- its principal  lines  .  
 At a national hardware show in Chicago ,  the company recently exhibited about 30 new power-tool products and an expanded group of accessories .     Among them is a patented  line  of drill bits called  " Bullet ,  "  which the company hopes will have the same impact as its popular  " Piranha "  line of circular saw blades .  
   Sun Microsystems Inc .  ,  which previously sold its  line  of technical workstations through its own direct sales force ,  said it is signing up outside resellers to help it broaden distribution .  
 The products on display here have convinced participants that the industry will maintain this year ' s 30% to 35% growth rate for at least a few months even if the rest of the economy falters .     Various products have supplied some of the missing pieces for International Business Machines Corp .  ' s new  line  of personal computers .  
   LAS VEGAS ,  Nev .  -- Unisys Corp .  introduced a  line  of personal computers that brings it up to date with competitors and gives it a basis for expansion in this field .  
 Unisys lost 1/2 to 33 1/2 .     The computer maker introduced a  line  of personal workstations .  
 For some ,  that means offering bigger-ticket items ,  such as a $295 , 000 lynx coat .     For others ,  it means selling X-rated products ,  including a  line  of anatomically shaped chocolates .  
 There ' s even a taped  " Hot Shopper "  program in New York featuring X-rated products for cable-dish owners .     A producer says sales totaled $40 , 000 in September ,  but the  line  of anatomically shaped chocolates had to be eliminated because the candies melted during shipment to a Florida consumer .  
 The  " extended "  version of OS/2 includes features that make it far easier for personal computers to talk to mainframes and extract data from them .     It was promised at IBM ' s April announcement of its new  line  of personal computers and is a major feature of IBM ' s push to lock up the corporate market .  
 Whenever they appear ,  the applications will finally bring to a head a simmering war of words between IBM and its competitors ,  notably Compaq Computer Corp .  of Houston .     IBM has been saying it thinks the new software will run faster on its new  line  of computers than on competitors '  ,  but Compaq and others have said IBM was just blowing smoke .  
 AST said there was no recovery of profits ,  damages or attorneys '  fees in the settlement .     The IBM lawsuit against AST is part of the computer maker ' s aggressive legal campaign to protect its new  line  of personal computers from clones .  
 Technology stocks were mixed .     International Business Machines fell 2 5/8 to 121 7/8 although the computer maker said the operating system for its new  line  of personal computers would be released ahead of schedule .  
 Christian Lacroix ' s flashy ,  billowy clothes are as cumbersome as the gowns Marie Antoinette ' s ladies-in-waiting dressed her in .     Last week ,  Mr .  Lacroix ,  the hot French designer ,  brought his fall 1987  line  here for a charity fashion show at the World Financial Center in lower Manhattan .  
 Electrolux ,  which isn ' t affiliated with AB Electrolux of Sweden ,  has annual sales of about $400 million .     As previously reported ,  the Electrolux unit didn ' t fit with Chicago-based Sara Lee ' s  lines  in packaged non-durable consumer products .  
   Orange-co Inc .  ,  a citrus grower ,  processor and shipper ,  acquired its first juice  line  by purchasing Premium Juices of Florida Inc .  ,  Lakeland ,  Fla .  
 Occasionally ,  he even loses the grace and simplicity that characterize his best work: In one set of coats ,  the shoulders are so awkwardly padded they look as if the coat hangers have been left in by mistake .         Marketing the Zaitsev  line  here should be an enjoyable challenge .  
 The group also said it would consider filing with federal antitrust regulators for clearance to boost its stake .         The group ,  which has held talks with investment bankers regarding some of the possible actions ,  said it would consider selling certain Atlas  lines  and properties ,  should it gain control .  
 Singer is considered by analysts to be an excellent takeover target .     While the company ' s divestiture of its sewing  line  last year was hailed by shareholders and analysts ,  its top management hasn ' t always received the highest praise .  
 Meanwhile ,  demand for the Omni and Horizon models is very strong .     Sales of the subcompacts rose sharply after Chrysler cut their price early in 1986 ,  but Chrysler had to stop building them last March when it began retooling the Belvidere ,  Ill .  ,  plant where they were made for a new  line  of luxury cars .  
 One General Motors Corp .  plant remains down for model changeover this week .     The Doraville ,  Ga .  ,  plant will begin output of a new  line  of mid-size cars late next month ,  a company spokeswoman said .  
 The latest results ,  which exceeded analysts '  earnings estimates of about 81 cents a share ,  indicate that Compaq ' s computers sold well even as competition from International Business Machines Corp .  heated up .         IBM introduced a new  line  of computers April 2 ,  but many of the models weren ' t available in large quantities until later in the summer .  
 Singer shares traded at a 52-week high of $59 in September .         Though analysts hailed Singer ' s divestiture last year of its sewing  line  ,  they still consider the company to be an excellent takeover target .  
   Northern Telecom Ltd .  said it is forming a new venture with two French concerns to manufacture and distribute its SL1  line  of private branch exchanges in France .  
 Third-quarter operating profit from Tenneco ' s energy businesses rose to $101 million from $77 million a year earlier .     Its manufacturing businesses had a loss from operations of $52 million ,  compared with year-earlier profit from operations of $101 million ,  on lower results from its Newport News Shipbuilding unit and a  " significant "  deficit at its Case IH tractor unit ,  which posted losses from discounting a  line  of tractors .  
 Even the company ' s corporate symbols seemed to take on a new significance .     Mr .  Hope ' s wife ,  Mary ,  was eager to see singer Jimmy Dean ,  who has lent his name to a  line  of the company ' s sausages .  
 The books with croaking frogs and other talking characters have also been delayed .     Mr .  Kingsborough still expects diversification to bear fruit ,  and some retailers report that a  line  of school accessories ,  called Class Act ,  did well late this summer .  
 Among other things ,  the pact was spurred by investor confusion about the market value of Minstar ' s hodgepodge of businesses .         Minstar ' s sports  lines  include Ben Hogan golf clubs ,  Head tennis and ski equipment ,  and swimming gear .  
 J . C .  Penney Co .  ,  New York ,  said its stores will no longer sell home electronics ,  hard sporting goods ,  or photographic equipment .     The retailer plans to expand its women ' s apparel  lines  .  
 The move is part of a continuing strategy to focus on family apparel and other soft goods such as jewelry ,  cosmetics ,  shoes ,  and home accessories at its more than 1 , 400 stores nationwide .         The discontinued  lines  ,  which still will be available in Penney ' s catalogs ,  represent about $550 million in total store sales for 1987 ,  the company said .  
 It would not estimate sales volume for the year .     In 1986 ,  the  lines  contributed 5 . 1% to store sales .  
 In 1986 ,  the  lines  contributed 5 . 1% to store sales .         The company estimated that sales from added apparel lines will represent about two-thirds of the sales of discontinued hard goods .  
 The merchandise change ,  which involves redesigning departments ,  will cost about $65 million .         William R .  Howell ,  chairman and chief executive officer ,  said the change was dictated largely by consumer priorities ,  as well as the profit potential in apparel  lines  .  
 Uniroyal Goodrich Tire Co .  is having a  " tough year "  because tire shipments to auto makers have declined 22% and raw-materials costs have increased ,  Patrick C .  Ross ,  chairman and chief executive officer ,  said .         The company ,  formed in August 1986 in a merger of the tire units of B . F .  Goodrich Co .  and Uniroyal Inc .  ,  also is being hurt by production inefficiencies that arose when it introduced 24 new tire  lines  in late 1986 ,  Mr .  Ross said in an interview .  
 The company also had  " difficulties and frustrations "  meshing accounting and data-processing systems ,  he said .         But Mr .  Ross said that the added tire operations -- some of which filled holes in the company ' s  lines  and some of which are new -- strengthen Uniroyal ' s position in replacement and original-equipment markets as well as in the private-brand segment .  
   Research Industries Corp .  said a federal judge here upheld its right to sell a  line  of open-heart surgical catheters in a patent-infringement suit against it by Minnesota Mining & Manufacturing Co .  
 Research Industries Corp .  said a federal judge here upheld its right to sell a  line  of open-heart surgical catheters in a patent-infringement suit against it by Minnesota Mining & Manufacturing Co .         The judge rejected claims that the line infringed on a Minnesota Mining patent ,  and the judge ordered the Minneapolis company to pay $600 , 000 in costs and attorneys '  fees ,  Research Industries said .  
 The tendered shares represent about 96% of Lamaur ' s outstanding shares ,  a spokesman for the chemical producer said .         The acquisition gives Dow Chemical a new consumer products  line  .  
 These products currently use rayon ,  cellulose and other synthetic materials as absorbents .     The company dropped its  line  of disposable diapers a few years ago .  
 Industry officials expect IBM to negotiate similar accords on intelligent networks with other international switch makers in coming months .         IBM ' s new desktop-publishing package consists of a printer ,  a circuit card ,  a  " mouse "  pointing device and Aldus PageMaker software for use with the high-end versions of its new  line  of personal computers .  
  " Most fast-food operators aren ' t true to their original products anymore and that strategy is working ,  "  Mr .  Rockwell said .     He cited a new  line  of bagels introduced by Pillsbury Co .  ' s Burger King Corp .  unit ,  a SuperBar buffet that includes Italian and Mexican items at Wendy ' s International Inc .  and packaged salads at McDonald ' s .  
 A second 8% cut in August took Nova production down to 550 cars daily .         In addition to the Nova ,  New United Motors ,  also known as Nummi ,  builds 200 Toyota FX models a day ,  but doesn ' t plan production cuts of that  line  ,  the spokesman said .  
 Some celebrities doing commercial announcements try hard to keep it a secret .     Actress Kathleen Turner read the  lines  in a Fab laundry detergent commercial earlier this year ,  and her contract specified that her identity remain confidential .  
 Meanwhile ,  McDonnell Douglas Corp .  is conducting its own propfan aircraft development program .     The St .  Louis-based company believes the program could bring propfan-powered derivatives of its current MD-80  line  onto the market in early 1991 .  
 The maker of life-science research equipment had a net loss of $800 , 000 in the year-ago period .          " The two main  lines  that we sell are molecular- and cell-biology products ,  and both are doing really well world-wide ,  "  Mr .  Thompson said in an interview .  
   Whirlpool Corp .  said it formed a joint venture with Sundaram-Clayton Ltd .  of Madras ,  India ,  to make a full  line  of major household appliances .  
   Alliant Computer Systems Corp .  introduced a computer to fill the gap in its  line  between its high-end and low-end machines .  
 The executive expects the company ' s onshore and offshore contract drilling services business to have a  " modest profit "  for all of 1988 .     As reported ,  the company is considering ,  among other options ,  spinning off or selling the drilling-services  lines  .  
 Others wonder if Gillette is boosting near-term profits by actions that will hurt future profits .     Gillette is trying to dispel that notion by disclosing plans to step up marketing in its sagging toiletries business ,  such rolling out a  line  of Dry Idea antiperspirants for men .  
 Sales in the Buick division tumbled 68% in early October compared with a year ago .     Buick sold only 778 of its 1988 Buick Regals ,  the debut model in the newly introduced GM-10  line  that GM is hoping will increase the company ' s share of the midsized car market .  
   AT&T will announce today a technology accord with Sun Microsystems that is intended to help AT&T develop a new  line  of high-performance minicomputers and workstations .  
 NCR Corp .  said it agreed to acquire the printer unit of DatagraphiX ,  a division of Anacomp Inc .  ,  for undisclosed terms .         The printer unit ,  which had revenue of about $30 million in 1986 ,  markets and services a  line  of high-speed ,  non-impact printers .  
 The agreement is also an admission by AT&T that its Bell Labs research arm needs help developing commercial computer products .     AT&T is expected to use the Sun chip design as a blueprint for new chips that it will eventually make in-house and use to power a new  line  of high-powered computers using the so-called RISC ,  or reduced instruction set computer technology .  
 Earnings for the quarter were on target ,  analysts said .      " All segments of their business were up in sales ,  and they had an especially strong gain in their prescription  line  ,  "  said PaineWebber ' s Mr .  Nordmann .  
 Despite Apple ' s emphasis of late on the business market ,  schools and students still represent a big slice of Apple ' s business pie .     Indeed ,  Apple ' s original Apple II computer  line  is still a mainstay in many classrooms ,  accounting for nearly 40% of the company ' s total sales ,  analysts estimate .  
 Such a move would bring GM ' s practices into  line  with the accounting rules Ford and Chrysler use .     In addition ,  GM has invested heavily in new factory machinery and in developing its GM-10 series ,  a new line of mid-sized cars that begins with the 1988 Buick Regal .  
 Indeed ,  the latest quarter was the first in which the company posted a profit from its personal computer business .         NCR recently expanded its personal computer  line  with three new computers and a workstation ,  including one based on Intel Corp .  ' s powerful 80386 microprocessor .  
 First Boston ' s Mr .  Milunovich said ,   " If there ' s a risk for NCR ,  it ' s in how well the market will accept the company ' s new products .  "     He said that NCR ' s 7000  line  of terminals -- used by retailers and the food industry -- and its 9800 mainframes  " are selling a little below expectations .  
 The restructuring should be complete in the next few weeks ,  he said ,  and could involve more layoffs .         In addition to concentrating on a few profitable  lines  ,  McDonnell Douglas ,  an aircraft ,  aerospace and computer company based in St .  Louis ,  has been narrowing losses at the information systems group through cost reductions .  
 A Mattel spokesman said it is targeting the infant and preschool toy market for expansion .     He said that while the company will continue to make other unrelated toys for that market ,  all new products will be Disney brands and will represent a  " significant "  portion of its preschool  lines  .  
 Western Digital said samples of the chips used in its Micro Channel copy will be available in January ,  and commercial quantities of the chips will be available a few months later .         Initially ,  the company said ,  the chips will duplicate the functions of the Micro Channel just in the models 50 and 60 ,  the medium-range models in the new IBM  line  .  
 To be a legal copy ,  a device has to be slightly different from its model ,  so there are sometimes gaps in a device ' s ability to mimic IBM ' s equipment .     Clones of IBM ' s initial  line  of personal computers took time to catch on in the market ,  partly because of horror stories about overblown promises of compatibility with IBM equipment .  
 For example ,  the bulk of IBM ' s model 9370 shipments for the year -- which IBM estimates at 5 , 000 units -- will take place in the quarter .     IBM also says that demand for its new PS/2  line  of personal computers  " remains very strong .  "  
 The book follows Mingolla and his lover ,  a rebel named Debora ,  as the two powerful ,  drug-enhanced psychics are sucked into the war ' s black labyrinths ,  which reek of blood and history .         The book is the fifth in Bantam ' s New Fiction  line  of original trade paperback fiction ,  which was kicked off this past summer .  
   Clones of IBM ' s new  line  of personal computers could appear next summer following a California firm ' s announcement that it has duplicated a key device inside the machines .  
   International Business Machines Corp .  introduced a  line  of telephone-switching devices that it hopes will shore up its position in the huge but fiercely competitive market .  
 IBM also said the devices ,  which basically replace its existing product  line  ,  will take up far less space ,  require less power ,  and be much easier to modify as time goes by and new features become available .         Armonk ,  N . Y . -based IBM is trying to switch the emphasis in the market to the added features available on its line ,  so it can escape the price competition that has made life so tough for Rolm .  
 American Honda Motor Co .  ' s Acura division is increasing base prices on its 1988 Legend cars 1 . 5% to 7 . 9% .         Peugeot Motors of America said base prices for its entire 1988 model  line  will rise 1% to 9 . 9% .  
 The firms claim IBM has granted the Japanese firm concessions long denied to them .     Separately ,  IBM unveiled a  line  of telephone-switching devices .  
 Dealers and securities analysts said the move shows that IBM overestimated the demand for that product ,  but they weren ' t sure whether the move portends problems for other models in the new  line  .     The Model 60 is one of five models in IBM ' s new PS/2 line of personal computers ,  and IBM has said demand for the line as a whole has been extremely strong .  
 IBM cut the suggested retail price by $500 ,  to $5 , 795 from $6 , 295 ,  on the Model 60 version with a hard disk drive that contains 70 megabytes ,  or roughly 35 , 000 pages ,  of information .     It cut by $300 the price to dealers on the machine ,  which is based on the Intel Corp .  80286 processor and is in the middle of the IBM  line  .  
 Raytheon said results were aided by higher earnings in electronics ,  particularly in its defense business ,  and in its energy services division ,  which was restructured last year .     The company said its major appliance division ,  which includes Amana refrigerators ,  was essentially unchanged ,  while its aircraft products  line   " continued to be affected by weak market conditions .  "  
 Clearly they are getting some of the costs out ,  "  she said .         Ms .  Landis noted that GE in the quarter had a restructuring provision equal to $54 million ,  or about three cents a share ,  related to its appliance business and certain consumer  lines  .  
 THE PEPPERIDGE FARM division of Campbell Soup is also trying to appeal to consumers worried about heart ailments .         Its ads tout the fiber content of a new  line  of breads and note that  " diets high in soluble fiber can help lower serum cholesterol ,  a risk factor for heart disease .  "  
   Compaq Computer ' s chairman ,  Benjamin Rosen ,  recalls an analyst ' s blunt report the day after International Business Machines introduced a spiffy new  line  of computers in April .  
  " One of the most important things driving the (stock) price up is Compaq ' s ability to increase the average selling price (of their computers) ahead of the industry ,  "  says Michael Geran ,  an E . F .  Hutton analyst .         Also ,  some say Compaq is benefiting from IBM ' s discontinuation of most of its old  line  of personal computers .     Compaq still makes machines compatible with IBM ' s old line ,  and IBM ' s move has  " forced the world to go out and sample the other guy ' s product ,  "  says Daniel Benton ,  an analyst with Goldman Sachs .  
 Software to take full advantage of the hardware IBM introduced in April won ' t be available until 1988 and later .     Mr .  Geran compares the situation to 1964 ,  when IBM streamlined its  line  of mainframe computers and handed prosperity to Honeywell -- for 18 months ,  before IBM bounced back .  
 H . J .  Heinz Co .  said it has reached an agreement in principle to acquire the pet foods operations of California Home Brands Holdings Inc .  Terms weren ' t disclosed .         California Home Brands '  pet food  line  consists primarily of canned dog and cat foods ,  including the Skippy Premium ,  Vets ,  Sturdy ,  Petuna and Glamour Puss labels .  
 Along with new menswear and children ' s stores ,  Limited plans separate stores selling just its Limited Forenza label .     It also will launch a  line  of Limited lingerie that will compete with its Victoria ' s Secret lingerie chain .  
 Such moves help cut costs as well as offer customers  " more real choices "  instead of lots of different vehicles with similar features ,  says Donald T .  Sullivan ,  former director of planning for Chevrolet .         Chevrolet is also adding new equipment ,  particularly in its truck  line  ,  which Ford outsold in the 1987 model year by more than 200 , 000 vehicles .  
  " We think very highly of this ,  "  said Roy D .  Burry ,  an analyst with Kidder ,  Peabody & Co .      " These are both fairly low return businesses "  relative to American Brands '  other  lines  .  
 Digital Equipment Corp .  ,  Maynard ,  Mass .  ,  and EMC Corp .  agreed to drop suits against each other as part of a settlement under which EMC will be granted a license to use some Digital technology .         Digital ,  a computer company ,  sued EMC in U . S .  District Court in Boston in 1985 charging that one  line  of EMC ' s computer memory products infringed on Digital patents .  
 Westinghouse ,  a Pittsburgh defense contractor ,  broadcaster and electrical products maker ,  said Challenger had sales of about $275 million last year .     The transaction includes substantially all Challenger ' s operations and businesses in the U . S .  ,  Puerto Rico and Canada ,  with the exception of certain businesses in Albemarle ,  N . C .  ,  including its Stab-Lok  line  .  
 While many companies usually see a 25% increase in revenue each September ,  he believes the increase this year could be about 35% and even as high as 40% in some cases .         The reason ,  Mr .  Erlap believes ,  is that corporations are through evaluating IBM ' s new  line  of personal computers introduced in April and  " an enormous amount of pentup demand has been let loose "  as some customers go for IBM new machines and others go for IBM-compatibles .  
   GenCorp Inc .  said its General Tire unit will increase prices on its replacement tire  lines  2% to 5% effective Nov .  2 .  
 In those categories it will offer a range of goods ,  from its traditional bargain-basement fare to items with higher quality and fashion ,  and higher prices as well .         The new thrust first became evident two years ago ,  when K mart hired former  " Charlie ' s Angels "  star Jaclyn Smith to endorse a new  line  of women ' s wear designed to shed the  " polyester palace "  image of K mart apparel .     In its first year ,  the Jaclyn Smith line reaped $100 million of sales -- without reducing sales of K mart ' s other women ' s clothes .  
 IC Industries has approximately 113 million shares outstanding .         Investment sources said other possible bidders for IC may emerge ,  including E-II Holdings Inc .  ,  the fledgling Chicago-based company carved out of Beatrice Cos .  '  nonfood  lines  in July .  
 Led by such brands as Old El Paso Mexican foods ,  Progesso soups and Whitman ' s candies ,  Pet has an estimated breakup value of more than $1 billion ,  analysts said .         The company ' s other units ,  all profitable ,  include Midas International Corp .  auto repair shops ,  Pneumo Abex Corp .  ' s  lines  of aircraft landing gear and flight controls and the bottling operations .  
 A 14-inch-long sleek plastic aircraft with curved wings ,  it even resembles drawings I ' ve seen purporting to show the super-secret Lockheed Stealth fighter .     The little plane is equipped with a flashlight beam that can register hits on other toys in a whole Mattel toy  line  .  
   International Business Machines Corp .  will introduce an improved  line  of telephone-switching devices next Tuesday ,  according to industry sources .  
 In addition ,  he said ,  the unit ' s carpeting didn ' t fit into the company ' s strategy of pushing brand-name products ,  such as its Martex bed and bath products and Burberrys clothing .         J . L .  Lanier Jr .  ,  West Point ' s chairman and chief executive officer ,  said in a statement that the sale would provide funds to expand into more profitable textile and apparel  lines  .  
 Coloroll also just finished sorting out Crown House PLC .  Mr .  Ashcroft sold Crown House ' s engineering interests ,  raising #57 million of the #87 million ($141 . 6 million) takeover price .     To save the operations it wanted -- mainly tableware  lines  -- Mr .  Ashcroft accelerated his usual eight-week timetable for reorganizing acquired companies .  
 More recently ,  Marks & Spencer PLC ,  Britain ' s largest retailer ,  paid what Mr .  Ashcroft suggests could be a backhanded tribute to Coloroll .     Marks & Spencer is trying to extend its St .  Michael in-house brand to a recently created  line  of home furnishings .  
 A Marks & Spencer spokesman said the major reason is Coloroll ' s involvement in its own shops ,  apparently referring to a showcase retail outlet Coloroll opened this year on London ' s expensive Regent Street ,  as well as Coloroll ' s relations with other retailers .     Mr .  Ashcroft speculates the deciding factor may have been Coloroll ' s move to start its own brand  lines  of lighting and furniture .  
 Sales rose 5% to $6 . 13 billion .         Criticism has been growing among securities analysts that Mr .  Stafford ,  whose experience is concentrated in packaged-food  lines  ,  has done a poor job of managing Pillsbury ' s restaurant operations .  
   Six months after International Business Machines Corp .  introduced its new  line  of personal computers amid fireworks and a rush of favorable publicity ,  reality has set in .  
  " Most users are starting to recognize that despite the hype ,  the  .   .   .  (new IBM  line ) offers no significant performance advantages over competitors (and) costs a lot more than most of them ,  "  William F .  Zachmann ,  an analyst at International Data Corp .  ,  wrote recently in InfoWorld ,  a trade publication .         K mart Corp .  ,  for instance ,  investigated the new IBM products but decided to buy clones of the IBM AT -- the high end of the prior IBM line -- as part of a program that may involve 13 , 000 personal computers .  
 Much of the software that will take advantage of the Micro Channel won ' t be available at least until 1989 ,  and the only way to truly test a copy is to run the new software on it .         That issue ,  which is crucial to the fate of the IBM  line  ,  may not be resolved for another year or more .  
 Unitrode stated that the agency said the concern ' s procedures are now  " in compliance .  "     Unitrode ,  based in Lexington ,  Mass .  ,  said it will resume shipping products in November and will be back to full production of most of its  line  by January .  
 The new pathway clears some of the bottlenecks of the pathway in other Compaq computers ,  which are based on the design set by International Business Machines Corp .  with its IBM PC in 1981 .         The change is significant because IBM made changes to the pathway -- which it calls the  " microchannel "  -- in its new  line  of computers introduced in April .  
 Many schools and companies make such purchases easier these days by selling new machines to students or employees and passing along volume discounts of 25% to 45% that they get from the manufacturer .     In addition ,  some companies that bought PCs and PC XTs a few years ago and are now replacing them will sell the machines -- the low end of IBM ' s original  line  of personal computers -- to employees for a song .  
 In general ,  industry executives ,  analysts and members of user groups say someone who wants business software will want to look at IBM-compatible machines ,  and particularly at Tandy models introduced last month .     A consumer who doesn ' t know computer basics and wants a machine that ' s especially easy to use may want to look at the Apple  line  ,  including one of the Macintoshes introduced in March .  
 That ' s hundreds of dollars less than an actual IBM XT and only slightly more than most comparable no-name clones .         IBM has stopped producing PC XTs as part of a bid to get the world to shift to the  line  it introduced in April .  
 But the risk of machines compatible with the XT becoming orphans appears small .     XT-compatible computers can run all existing software for IBM-compatible machines and can be upgraded to run software written for an operating system that Microsoft Corp .  is close to shipping for the new IBM  line  .  
 For someone seeking more power -- to handle a spreadsheet or a big data base ,  for example -- many specialists recommend Tandy ' s 1000 TX .     This computer is compatible with the PC AT ,  which represented the high end of IBM ' s old personal-computer  line  .  
 But the Compaq and IBM machines respond more to the needs of business than of home users .     The IBM  line  ,  for instance ,  is designed to make it easier to link personal computers with each other and with a mainframe -- hardly an issue in the home .  
 In any case ,  the benefits of the IBM and Compaq computers carry a hefty price: The machines cost several hundred dollars to $1 , 000 more than the Tandy 1000 TX .          " The performance of all the machines is pretty much the same ,  and the average consumer doesn ' t need the architecture of the new IBM  line  ,  "  says Michele Preston ,  an analyst at Salomon Brothers Inc .  
 It and the Macintosh II are aimed primarily at the business market and are a bit pricey ,  but their ease of use has attracted some people buying for the home .     Because they have sold well ,  software companies have released more programs for the Macintosh  line  ,  including some solid business software .  
 Because they have sold well ,  software companies have released more programs for the Macintosh  line  ,  including some solid business software .         The Macintosh II ,  which is roughly equivalent in power to the high end of the new IBM line ,  is overpowered for the home market .  
 Both companies will continue to operate separately outside this country .         San Francisco-based Chevron for many years has produced the Ortho  line  of chemical products ,  which has had a difficult time in an increasingly competitive business .  
   IBM will introduce an improved  line  of telephone-switching devices Tuesday ,  sources said .  
 To start with ,  Microsoft is writing OS/2 ,  which will enable high-performance computers built around Intel Corp .  ' s 80286 microprocessor ,  such as IBM ' s PC-AT and most of its new PS/2 series machines ,  to run several programs at once ,  and will make it possible for several connected machines to share the same programs and data .     Microsoft is also building ,  along with OS/2 ,  what it calls  " presentation manager "  software to handle on-screen graphics in a consistent way for both personal computers and IBM ' s full  line  of larger computers .  
 The weapon would be launched from anti-submarine helicopters and planes as well as from surface vessels .         Development of the Mark-50 began in 1983 ,  as the Navy recognized it would need a sophisticated successor to its current submarine-seeking torpedo  line  .  
  " We plan to keep improving the product and building an industry around the product ,  "  says Michael Kolowich ,  Lotus ' s vice president ,  marketing .         Indeed ,  the company has announced plans for two new versions of 1-2-3 for the IBM PC  line  and compatible systems .  
 Compaq Computer Corp .  is expected to introduce next week speedier versions of its top-of-the- line  portable and desktop computers .         The moves are Compaq ' s first product introductions since International Business Machines Corp .  revamped its personal computer line in April and indicate that Compaq is following its tested strategy of trying to leapfrog IBM performance and concentrate on high-powered business computers .  
  " It ' ll give (the Compaq entries) the amazing graphics that have so far been available only on workstations .     And it should be better even than the improved graphics on the new IBM  line  ,  "  the source said .  
 It ' s the first time you ' ll have a (personal computer) with workstation power .  "         While Compaq is improving its graphics to match advances made by IBM in its April  line  ,  sources said the Compaq models won ' t mimic the most important change in the new IBM computer -- the  " microchannel ,  "  IBM ' s term for the pathway between the parts of the computer that actually perform computations and other parts like the memory ,  storage ,  modems and printers .  
 In doing so next week ,  Compaq will be directly challenging IBM ' s new  line  in the big business market .     That is a sign of Compaq ' s belief that buyers still aren ' t completely enamored of the new IBM line ,  and also ,  perhaps ,  that the new IBM computers are proving more difficult to copy both technically and legally than the old line .  
 The friendly transaction saves Lamaur from the hostile takeover campaign launched last month by Alberto-Culver Co .     At the same time ,  acquisition of the St .  Paul ,  Minn .  ,  hair-care products concern gives Dow Chemical a new consumer products  line  .  
 The farmland to be purchased is developed for citrus groves ,  nut trees ,  table grapes and a number of other products ,  Castle & Cooke said .     Among the products added to Dole ' s current  line  of pineapples ,  bananas and various vegetables ,  it said ,  would be almonds and pistachios ,  raisins ,  cherries and strawberries .  
 Mr .  Murdock said that his company sees the growth of Dole helping to unify  " the fragmented agricultural marketing industry "  in the U . S .         Castle & Cooke will retain the Morrow and House of Almonds names ,  he said ,  and will review Tenneco ' s other  lines  to determine which will be changed to the Dole name .  
 The projection includes several expected one-time transactions .     Profit from continuing  lines  will rise about 50% .  
 American Home doesn ' t produce contraceptive sponges or condoms ,  and its two oral contraceptives are facing increased competition from generics .     VLI earlier this month introduced a  line  of condoms .  
 Castle ,  a holding concern that also develops real estate ,  would assume about $16 million of debt in that purchase .         The Dole unit ,  which Castle describes as the world ' s largest processor of fresh fruits and vegetables ,  would add olives and figs to its produce  line  with the purchase from Apache .  
   Igene Biotechnology Inc .  said it will build a $10 million facility to manufacture the company ' s ClandoSan  line  of natural chitin pesticides and organic fertilizers .  
   General Motors Corp .  set the base price of its new Buick Regal -- first of a new  line  of midsized cars that is crucial for GM ' s comeback effort -- 7 . 7% higher than the model it replaces .  
 That pricing tactic is expected to be used widely in the model year that begins Thursday ,  because auto makers expect a sales decline next year and thus will try to compensate by boosting profit per vehicle .         The Buick Regal is the first of GM ' s new  line  of midsized cars developed under the code name  " GM-10 .  "  
 The team ' s machine would extend Cray ' s parallel processor architecture ,  which involves using more than one processor to simultaneously perform calculations on different parts of a large problem .     Presumably the machine would debut in the early 1990s ,  after the Cray-3 model from the company ' s other design  line  .  
 Without 43-year-old Mr .  Chen ,  the company would have relied primarily on its founder and premiere designer ,  61-year-old Seymour Cray .     His machines differ significantly from those on which Mr .  Chen worked; lately Mr .  Chen ' s  line  ,  called by the suffix  ' MP '  for multiple processors ,  has been outselling Mr .  Cray ' s designs .  
 Mr .  Rollwagen said that he has detected  " no major fallout "  from Mr .  Chen ' s departure ,  other than questions such as ,   " What does this mean for Cray five years out ?  "         Cray now plans to unveil its Y-MP addition to the MP  line  ,  the last machine Mr .  Chen completed ,  early next year .  
 National Theme ,  which has found that its hottest Halloween costumes are the ones it designs itself ,  also hopes to apply that lesson to the crystal business .     Next year it will add its own crystal and pewter  line  to the items on this year ' s shelves .  
 It is granting exclusive distribution rights to another company for the first time .     Smith Corona will continue to sell its full  line  under its own brand name in the U . K .  
 One of AT&T ' s most successful internal ventures is Conversant Systems .     The Columbus ,  Ohio ,  unit has developed and is selling a  line  of machines costing between $20 , 000 and $80 , 000 that understand simple commands spoken into a telephone .  
 Pathmark ' s experience isn ' t unique .     The problem often crops up in the household-cleaner and health-and-beauty product areas ,  where hefty advertising budgets for national  lines  often make store brands look too cheap by comparison .  
   International Business Machines Corp .  is using the huge computer trade show here this week to try to prove a much disputed marketing claim of the past year and a half: that its PS/2  line  of personal computers really does offer unique benefits .  
 Yet ,  even here ,  the impact is mixed because there are fewer clones than were expected a few weeks ago ,  and they are mainly from little-known companies .         IBM also unveiled a new addition to its  line  of local area networks ,  or LANs ,  which can lash together groups of computers ,  even from different makers .  
 The new product lets information move along IBM ' s network at 16 million bits per second ,  quadruple the previous rate ,  IBM said .         Also at the Comdex show ,  Commodore International Ltd .  is showing off two new computers in its Amiga  line  ,  a less-visible but feisty rival to Apple Computer Inc .  ' s Macintosh in the market for easy-to-use machines with flashy graphics .  
 Black and white generic goods are dying .     In one sign of the times ,  retailers are replacing them with a new breed of products that falls between the old generics and mainstream store  lines  .  
  " We want to bring private label up from being a poor second cousin compared to national brands to being on a par -- not just a cheap imitation ,  "  says David Freedman ,  art director of the Glaser firm .         Indeed ,  many supermarkets are trumpeting in every way they can that their main store brands are equal ,  if not superior ,  to nationally advertised  lines  .  
 Says a Pillsbury spokesman ,   " Whatever claims Pathmark may make ,  we have serious doubts they can meet the quality of Haagen-Dazs .  "         The biggest risks are with a new generation of premium store  lines  that are even more upscale than national brands .     Several years ago ,  Grand Union ,  witnessing brisk sales of specialty imported foods ,  introduced Laurent ,  its own line of fancy fare .  
 Nevertheless ,  with profit margins higher on upscale than mainstream store brands ,  many chains are following suit .     A&P got into the act this summer when it started rolling out a  line  of jams ,  pastas and other foodstuffs called Master Choice ,  an effort to fill what the company sees as a price gap between costly imported brands and mass-market national lines .  
 A special panel of RJR Nabisco Inc .  directors questioned President F .  Ross Johnson and some top lieutenants yesterday about the state of the company ' s businesses .         The session was part of the panel ' s  " due diligence "  process ,  as it seeks to evaluate RJR ' s food and tobacco  lines  and lay the groundwork for considering bids for them .  
 This is the strange tale of how the biggest name in muscles ,  Nautilus Sports/Medical Industries Inc .  ,  lost its strength .         The company was founded in 1970 by Arthur Jones ,  an eccentric former wild-animal importer who had invented a revolutionary  line  of exercise machines .  
 With Mr .  Jones distracted ,  Nautilus fumbled efforts to come up with new products of its own .     A  line  of machines for home use bombed with would-be consumers and angered Nautilus ' s traditional customers -- health clubs -- which saw the new machines as a threat to their business .  
 They blame their troubles on Mr .  Jones and on since-departed Nautilus executives (their own people ,  not Jones holdovers) ,  who they say spent too aggressively in the diversification effort .     And they are upbeat about new products -- a  line  of exercise machines for handicapped people and computerized medical machines designed to diagnose and treat bad backs (in competition with Mr .  Jones ' s new device) and other maladies .      " We ' re excited about the medical line ,  "  says Mr .  Bonney .  
 One area of expansion will be licensing agreements with other apparel companies .     This year ,  for example ,  Playtex Apparel Inc .  licensed the Gitano label for a  line  of fashion bras in the $6 to $8 range to complement Playtex ' s basic $15 bras .  
 He maintained that Forstmann Little has acted with  " total integrity "  and  " we need no advice from you in this regard .  "         Separately ,  Quaker Oats Co .  ' s chairman and chief executive officer ,  William D .  Smithburg ,  said he would be interested in any RJR businesses put up for sale that related to the Chicago concern ' s own  lines  .  
 William E .  Stevens ,  executive vice president ,  proudly describes how the company has reduced the lineup of motors its makes for its power tools to about a dozen models from more than 50 .     Recently ,  a revamped  line  of under-the-cabinet Spacemaker kitchen appliances was given a sleek ,  European look that won a top award from the Industrial Designers Society of America .  
 He had come from Beatrice Cos .  ,  where he headed the consumer durables group .     At Black & Decker ,  he found aging ,  inefficient plants ,  shabby sales efforts ,  and an undernourished  line  of small household appliances recently acquired from General Electric Co .  
 The company promises another breakthrough in such accessories within the year .     Similarly ,  it recently rolled out Thundervolt ,  a  line  of power tools driven by a battery pack that a user wears on a belt .     The line is aimed at industrial and construction users .  
 Similarly ,  Black & Decker is facing its Japanese competition head-on .     Last month it signed an agreement with Shin-Daiwa Kogyo Ltd .  to market a special  line  of Black & Decker professional power tools in Japan .  
 It was also wrong .     As franchisees in any  line  are quick to point out ,  they own their businesses .  
 Mr .  Amerman said both of Mattel ' s core brands ,  Barbie and Hot Wheels ,  are selling well in retail stores .     The company ' s  line  of infant and preschool products featuring Disney-licensed characters and its new large doll ,  Li ' l Miss Makeup ,  are also selling briskly .  
 But Nestle isn ' t without its worries .     Some  lines  have been losing market share as competition mounts .  
 National ,  based in Santa Clara ,  Calif .  ,  meanwhile ,  said it expects its loss to result from a  " sharp decline "  in chip bookings and sales for the current quarter .     This forecast surprised some industry analysts ,  who were told by National ' s chief executive officer ,  Charles Sporck ,  last month that all but two of National ' s chip  lines  are profitable .  
 As part of the transaction ,  AT&T will obtain exclusive technology and marketing rights to Harris ' s VSAT earth stations that it currently markets .     It also will acquire all existing inventory ,  test systems and related equipment of the VSAT  line  .  
   Seiko Instruments USA Inc .  ,  Torrance ,  Calif .  ,  said it has reached a joint agreement with Kisho Corp .  of Japan to develop and market a  line  of consumer audio products for the U . S .  market .  
 Seiko Instruments USA Inc .  ,  Torrance ,  Calif .  ,  said it has reached a joint agreement with Kisho Corp .  of Japan to develop and market a  line  of consumer audio products for the U . S .  market .         Seiko ,  the U . S .  unit of Seiko Instruments Inc .  ,  said the consumer products will include a line of audio compact disk players ,  portable radio/cassette players ,  personal cassette players and home compact disk bookshelf systems .  
 Revlon ,  a unit of cosmetics concern Revlon Group Inc .  of New York ,  said the fragrance should be on the market by fall ,  but the company hasn ' t decided on pricing or distribution .         Fragrances connected with  lines  of designer wear or clothing manufacturers have become popular recently .  
 Fragrances linked with Gloria Vanderbilt ,  Calvin Klein ,  Ralph Lauren and others have done well ,  as has Colors ,  a fragrance launched last year by Benetton .         But Andrew Shore ,  a Shearson Lehman Hutton analyst ,  noted that a successful  line  of clothing doesn ' t necessarily mean a fragrance will do well .  
 EgyptAir ,  the national carrier of Egypt ,  placed an order totaling $20 million .         Total orders for the engines involved ,  Pratt ' s PW4000  line  ,  have reached nearly $6 billion .  
 But it is testimony to racing ' s conservativism that the innovations drawing the biggest cheers touch only the horses '  skins and hoofs .     One is a new  line  of jockey silks designed under the Aeroform label by Rhonda Allen ,  a sculptor whose husband ,  Joe ,  owns horses .  
 As for One of a Klein ,  Uncle Gene opined that she ' d be back ,  health permitting ,  to win again .      " We could start a whole  line  of  ' Klein '  horses ,  "  he mused .  
 Such brands as Citrus Hill orange juice and Pringles potato chips ,  for instance ,  have struggled .         For Ralston Purina ,  combining Nabisco ' s cereal  lines  with its own lines could raise its market share almost to that of General Foods Inc .  ' s Post brand ,  the nation ' s No .  3 cereal maker .     Nabisco makes Shredded Wheat and Cream of Wheat ,  while Ralston ' s cereal line includes Chex cereals .  
   H . J .  Heinz Co .  ,  seeking to expand as a world marketer of fish products and to broaden its pet food  line  ,  is dividing its Star-Kist Foods Inc .  unit into two separate operating affiliates .  
 He also contends the $900 million-a-year canned dog food business  " is showing slight-to-moderate growth and is sufficiently large to be attractive ,  especially because it appears to be undermarketed .  "     Heinz ,  which has sharply increased its dog food business through recent acquisitions ,  currently is testing its own  line  of canned dog food .  
 So yesterday ' s fall stunned some analysts .     It came after the Austin ,  Texas ,  company ,  which designs and rents a  line  of specialized beds for the acutely ill ,  reported third-quarter per-share earnings of 15 cents ,  compared with nine cents before an extraordinary item the year earlier .  
 Sales rose 15% to $200 . 2 million from $173 . 9 million .         Commodore ' s chairman ,  Irving Gould ,  said the latest results reflect significant expansion in sales from Commodore ' s expanded product mix in its  line  of Amiga personal computers ,  the MS-DOS personal computer compatibles and traditional C64/ C128D computers in Europe ,  North America and Australia .  
 The company ,  a unit of North American Philips Corp .  ,  which in turn is a New York-based subsidiary of N . V .  Philips of the Netherlands ,  was charged with claiming that the device made tap water cleaner ,  even though Norelco knew that methylene chloride leached into the water from a glue used in the appliance ' s filter ,  the commission said .         The company learned of the problem in 1982 from Consumer Reports magazine and developed a new filter ,  but it continued to sell the initial filter  line  for three years ,  the commission charged .  
 But the Center for Auto Safety says the Winnebago diesels may have the highest percentage of defects of any vehicle since 1969 ,  when the nonprofit consumer group was formed .     The center estimates that of the 7 , 800 Winnebago diesels sold before the  line  was dropped in 1986 ,  one in two is a  " mechanical lemon .  "  
 Clarence M .  Ditlow III ,  executive director ,  says the ratio of problem vehicles rivals only that of the diesel cars made by General Motors Corp .  in the late 1970s and early 1980s .         The Winnebago diesel  line  is  " one of the worst ,  if not the worst ,  "  of all vehicles ,  Mr .  Ditlow says .  
 A year earlier ,  net income was $87 million ,  or $1 . 39 a share .     The latest period ' s deficit reflects a $51 . 9 million loss from discontinued operations ,  largely from losses in the multiple employer trust group health  line  .  
 The company said it acquired the pizza business when its consumer products unit ,  Dial Corp .  ,  bought the consumer products division of Purex Industries three years ago for an undisclosed amount .     Ellio ' s was Dial ' s only  line  of frozen-food products .  
 Instead ,  Charles Sporck ,  National ' s president and chief executive officer ,  focused on the company ' s huge semiconductor operations .     His speech included previously undisclosed details on the size and profitability of National ' s various chip  lines  .  
 That price ,  he said ,  would be roughly $350 million .         Several analysts said Mr .  Sporck ' s detailed comments Friday on National ' s chip  lines  were meant to pave the way for the sale of NAS .  
 As manufacturers get bigger ,  they are likely to pour more money into the battle for shelf space ,  raising the ante for new players .     But even the consolidated food giants would still lack the clout to completely derail retailers '  demands or to tip the balance of power back toward manufacturers .  (In the case of Kraft ,  for example ,  the company pays slotting fees only on its frozen food  line  .  
 In another uncharacteristic move ,  Digital decided to buy a microprocessor from Mips Computer Systems Inc .  ,  Sunnyvale ,  Calif .  ,  to produce a powerful workstation that uses the industry standard Unix operating system .     The decision meant canceling Digital ' s own project to build a microprocessor and a departure from its message of compatibility across the whole computer  line  .  
 The quarter also included a $14 million write-down for costs associated with the company ' s credit-insurance business .     The company recently announced plans to discontinue that  line  .  
 In national over-the-counter trading ,  Applied Biosystems rose 75 cents to $25 . 25 .         Applied Biosystems ,  which pioneered the making of so-called  " picks and axes for the biotechnology gold rush ,  "  produces a  line  of more than two dozen automated machines plus chemical reagents for the analysis and synthesis of genes and proteins by commercial and academic laboratories .  
   U . S .  Shoe Corp .  and Leslie Fay Cos .  announced a licensing agreement in which U . S .  Shoe will make and sell a  line  of Leslie Fay footwear .  
 Terms weren ' t disclosed .         The  line  will be made in the U . S .  and introduced in February for the fall 1989 season ,  the companies said .  
 The Fragrance Foundation lists at least 45 for this year and next .      " The marketing mission today is to be able to steal share of market from existing business ,  "  says Martin Danielson of Parlux Ltd .  ,  New York ,  which will launch the Joan Collins  line  this spring .  
 Mr .  Hirsh said he recently resigned from the partnership .         In addition to owning the Vanderbilt  line  ,  Murjani last August signed a licensing agreement with Chrysler Corp .  to market the Jeep trademark on a broad range of consumer products ,  slated for delivery next spring .     Murjani also has majority ownership of Tommy Hilfiger ,  a struggling men ' s sportswear brand ,  and Coca Cola clothes ,  a sportswear line that a Murjani spokesman described as  " fizzled in the U . S .  but still selling abroad .  "  
 Its premium priced  " metal bar "  disposable shaver ,  which stretches the skin as it shaves ,  is now being shipped .     Bic plans to introduce its first  line  of perfumes ,  which will be aimed at the mass market ,  in the 1989 first quarter .  
 The huge Japanese trading company has been considering joining the buy-out effort for about two weeks ,  according to Japanese bankers ,  but the company hasn ' t yet made a decision .     The bankers say that Mitsubishi is interested in certain of RJR ' s food  lines  .  
 Mazda Motor Corp .  ,  which just launched its first U . S .  minivan ,  recently discontinued the wagon version of its 323 subcompact car .     GM ' s Chevrolet division won ' t have a station wagon in its new Lumina  line  of midsize vehicles ,  which includes a sedan ,  coupe and an  " all-purpose vehicle .  "  
 Station wagons won ' t disappear ,  however .     Chevrolet will continue to produce the midsize Celebrity wagon after it rolls out the Lumina  line  .  
   Hallmark Cards Inc .  said it reached an agreement to settle a two-year dispute involving a  line  of its cards that resemble those of Blue Mountain Arts ,  a small Boulder ,  Colo .  ,  concern .  
 Hallmark Cards Inc .  said it reached an agreement to settle a two-year dispute involving a  line  of its cards that resemble those of Blue Mountain Arts ,  a small Boulder ,  Colo .  ,  concern .         As previously reported ,  Blue Mountain sued Hallmark for trademark violations ,  contending that its Personal Touch line of cards was too similar to Blue Mountain Arts '  products .  
 Last week ,  the Supreme Court left intact a preliminary injunction that barred Hallmark from selling 83  " Personal Touch "  cards .         As part of the settlement ,  Hallmark said it will introduce a greeting card  line  with a new name that will replace the Personal Touch line and agrees not to infringe Blue Mountain ' s trade dress .  
 In Boulder ,  Bob Gall ,  general manager of Blue Mountain Arts ,  said the company is elated that its creative designs are protected and that  " we can get back to publishing cards without fear of being copied .  "     Mr .  Gall said Blue Mountain publishes about 100 different cards under the  lines  it had charged Hallmark with copying .  
 The company declined to disclose the potential buyers .     If it were to sell the building-materials  line  ,  the company said it would expect to report a one-time $10 million after-tax loss .     The line consists of the 35-store Lloyd chain of retail home-improvement centers ,  located mainly in southern Connecticut and in Westchester ,  N . Y .  
 It ' s a good fit .  "         In the U . S .  ,  Hoover ' s vacuum cleaner  lines  will fill a gap in Maytag ' s offerings .  
 Chicago Pacific also has a furniture operation ,  which analysts note is an awkward fit with Maytag ' s appliance focus ,  and which likely will be sold to help finance the acquisition .     The furniture  lines  could fetch about $300 million ,  estimates Mr .  Ryan of Merrill Lynch .  
 And as they got more involved in the spirit of the season ,  adult costume parties evolved as a tonic for bored yuppies .         Adult Halloween parties have ballooned 25% in the past three years ,  estimates Hallmark Cards Inc .  ,  which introduced a  line  of Halloween gifts and novelties two years ago .  
 But he plummeted almost overnight both in ratings and sales ,  forcing stores to institute steep markdowns .     Retailers are already worried that last year ' s high-roller ,  Pumpkin Productions '  Oh Lanterns  line  of grotesque ,  polyurethane pumpkin faces ,  is heading the same way .  
 Retailers are already worried that last year ' s high-roller ,  Pumpkin Productions '  Oh Lanterns  line  of grotesque ,  polyurethane pumpkin faces ,  is heading the same way .         Marc Firestone ,  vice president of sales for Firestone & Associates ,  which sells the Oh Lantern line to retailers ,  contends that  " there is nothing wrong with selling a pumpkin in April .  "  
 Meanwhile ,  Standard and Poor ' s placed West Point ' s $80 million of senior debt on its CreditWatch list and said the securities could be downgraded if Mr .  Farley ' s bid succeeds or if the company pursues expected measures to remain independent .         For his part ,  Mr .  Farley said in a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission that he intends to sell West Point ' s apparel ,  apparel fabrics and industrial fabrics  lines  .     He would keep the company ' s sheet and towel lines ,  which are the crown jewels of company .  
 Moreover ,  the sheet and towel business is considered fairly recession-proof and provides high profit margins .         In keeping the sheet and towel business ,  Mr .  Farley would inherit West Point ' s Martex and Lady Pepperell brand names as well as the Utica and Tastemaker  lines  that originally were developed by Stevens .  
 Sales at Sears stores open at least a year actually declined slightly in the quarter ,  analysts said .     And profit was hurt by higher markdowns in apparel at the stores ,  and in several  lines  of catalog merchandise Sears is trying to clear out before discontinuing .  
 The third quarter is typically the strongest one of the year for toy makers because the bulk of Christmas orders are shipped during the period .     Galoob said it saw strong demand for its Micro Machines ,  a  line  of miniature cars that retail for about $4 .     It also cited demand for a line of dolls called Bouncin '  Babies ,  retailing for under $10 ,  that it began shipping in July .  
 Micro Machines are expected to account for about 40% of Galoob ' s sales this year ,  sparking renewed interest in the market for die-cast cars ,  as plastic action figures for boys have fallen out of favor .     Micro Machines are likely to continue strong through the Christmas season ,  but analysts say next year the  line  will face stiff competition from other toy makers ,  including new offerings from Universal Matchbox Group Ltd .  ' s Matchbox Toys and Mattel ' s Hot Wheels line .  
 This was a Nebraska where  " carriage and Conestoga wagon alike wallowed to the hubs in the black mud ,  "  where the Arikara and the Sioux and the Comanches were  " angered at the slaughter of the buffalo ,  at the steel rails pointing west .  "         Many of the volumes in the Bison  line  are like  " The Lieutenant ' s Lady ,  "  best sellers reclaimed from the past through photographic reproductions of earlier editions .  
 You ' ve created such a clutter that I don ' t know what to use .  '     This kind of confusion will lend itself to some pretty negative positions for some  lines  .  "  
 Lopid could have been a billion-dollar-a-year seller but now looks like a $300 million drug ,  one investor says .         There ' s talk that the New York investor Ronald Perelman ,  among others ,  might want Warner-Lambert for its over-the-counter drug  lines  .  
 Sales at Sears stores open at least a year declined slightly for the quarter ,  analysts said .     And profits were hurt by higher markdowns on apparel at the stores and on several  lines  of catalog merchandise Sears is trying to clear out before eliminating ,  the analysts said .  
 Mr .  Trugman left to assume the top posts at Del .         General Microwave ' s instrumentation  line  is particularly attractive to Del ,  a maker of high-voltage power-conversion devices .  
 KRAFT REJECTED Philip Morris ' s $90-a-share offer and said it is developing a recapitalization plan worth at least $110 a share .     The plan ,  which would force Kraft to sell some  lines  and would boost its debt over tenfold ,  calls for the company to distribute about $98 a share ,  or nearly $12 . 5 billion ,  in cash and securities while letting holders keep their stock .  
 But if the Johnson-led group were to win the company with a higher bid ,  it would have to do much the same .     The $75-a-share offer contemplated keeping the tobacco  line  and the best parts of Nabisco Brands ,  if proceeds from certain asset sales and financing terms allowed it .  
 Mr .  Jacobs said he didn ' t intend to use the borrowing in another takeover .         The transaction also calls for Volvo North America ' s marine division ,  Volvo Penta of America ,  to supply as much as 20% of the engines for Genmar ' s boat  lines  through June 30 ,  1991 .  
   Ashton-Tate Corp .  and Digital Equipment Corp .  will announce today plans to co-develop versions of Ashton ' s popular dBASE personal computer database manager software for Digital ' s  line  of minicomputers .  
  " Our customers would like simpler training for users and consistent programs from the terminal to the PC ,  to the workstation ,  to the corporate computing level ,  "  said Henry Ancona ,  vice president of the business and office information systems group at Digital ,  based in Maynard ,  Mass .      " This will provide for a common set of database language tools for the whole  line  .  "  
 He is  " very ,  very impressed ,  "  he says ,  by the performance to date of Mr .  Sege ' s heir apparent ,  Norman H .  Pond ,  who was brought in as president last December and is credited with many of Varian ' s cost-cutting measures .         While Varian derives much more than half its sales from a diverse  line  of other electronic products ,  its fortunes tend to rise and fall on the health of its semiconductor-manufacturing equipment group ,  which moves in tandem with the volatile semiconductor industry .  
   Digital Equipment Corp .  introduced two MicroVax computer systems ,  to bolster the low end of its minicomputer  line  .  
 Domenic LaCava ,  Digital ' s group vice president for low-end systems ,  said the MicroVax 3400 has 50% more performance than an AS/400 B40  " for only 60% of the cost .  "         The new Digital computers will replace the upper range of its MicroVax II  line  ,  providing twice the performance for the same price ,  Mr .  LaCava said .  
 A second button opens the trunk remotely .         Code-Alarm also is developing a  line  of home-security systems ,  which it says will get some of the proceeds from the new stock offering .  
 And in the testing stage now are Kool Shots ,  a liquid-concentrate version ,  and Kool-Aid Sports Koolers ,  for young jocks .          Line  extension ,  this is called .  
 Philip Morris is a master of it ,  selling its famous cigarette brands not just as ordinary smokes but as lights ,  menthols ,  kings ,  slims .     If Philip Morris succeeds in its bid to add a host of Kraft brands to its already huge  line  of General Foods products ,  consumers could face ever more such slight variations on a familiar theme .  
 Large food companies already vary their best-known products this way ,  but companies in Philip Morris ' s business are the real experts .      " Tobacco companies are heavily into  line  extensions ,  "  says Al Ries ,  chairman of Trout & Ries Inc .  ,  a New York marketing strategy firm .  
  " There is no lack of adventure or innovation in General Foods ,  "  he says ,  noting that it has introduced 75 new products as a Philip Morris unit .     In particular ,  he cites Culinova ,  a new  line  of refrigerated entrees ,  and ready-to-eat Jell-O pudding dessert .  
 For all its potential ,  the Philip Morris strategy of accumulating well-known brands carries certain risks .     Ultimately ,  stretching a brand to its limit with  line  extensions can erode brand loyalty if managers try to make the brand all things to all consumers .  
 Kraft itself recently learned that lesson the hard way ,  after its 1984 acquisition of the Celestial Seasonings herbal-tea company .     It aggressively extended the  line  ,  marketing 34 flavors from Cranberry Cove to Grandma ' s Tummy Mint .  
 But putting the Celestial Seasonings imprimatur on mixed seasonings ,  salad dressings -- and even cosmetics -- proved a blunder .     Last year ,  with Celestial barely profitable despite $38 million of sales ,  Kraft sold the  line  to a management group .  
 For instance ,  Wisconsin canner Stokely USA Inc .  is fighting a David vs .     Goliath battle with General Foods and Kraft for freezer-case space for its competing  lines  of single-serve vegetables .  
 International pharmaceutical operations gained in several product areas .         Higher U . S .  consumer-product sales reflected gains from foot-care products and the Maybelline cosmetics  line  .  
 Foreign producers worked hard to establish themselves in the U . S .  market and won ' t give up their gains without a fight .     As was the case in some consumer  lines  ,  foreign producers drove many U . S .  companies out of business in some industries ,  such as in certain lines of advanced construction ,  printing and textile machinery .  
 Last year ,  the foods division ,  which contributes about 10% of Coca-Cola ' s profit ,  posted a loss because of restructuring expenses .     While the unit has reorganized ,  cut costs and taken bold new-product steps recently by introducing Premium Choice ,  a top-of-the  line  chilled juice product ,  analysts don ' t expect the division to contribute significantly to profit anytime soon .  
 She currently is fielding more than 20 endorsement offers from apparel ,  cosmetics ,  soft drink and other companies ,  says her personal manager ,  Gordon Baskin .     One possibility is a Flo-Jo doll  line  from MCA Inc .   " Florence is different because she ' s beautiful ,  she excels as an athlete and she has flair ,  "  Mr .  Baskin says .  
 The proposed merger would create a giant with $20 billion in annual sales and some of the best known trademarks in America .     The General Foods unit ,  acquired for $5 . 7 billion three years ago ,  owns the Maxwell House ,  Jell-O and Kool-Aid  lines  .  
 Both companies said orders fell in the period ,  causing the more sober outlooks .     Taken together ,  the two concerns make a broad  line  of computer products ,  ranging from large mainframes to mid-sized workstations and smaller ,  specialized personal computers .  
 Unisys has generated impressive earnings growth largely through cost-cutting ,  but it can ' t continue to improve its performance that way much longer .         W .  Michael Blumenthal ,  Unisys ' s chairman ,  said customers waiting to order the company ' s new 2200 series computers ,  which begin shipments next spring ,  and holding off buying its older 1100  line  accounted for part of Unisys ' s order declines .  
   A .  Schulman Inc .  ,  an Akron ,  Ohio ,  supplier of plastic compounds and resins ,  said it agreed with Mitsubishi Kasei Vinyl of Tokyo to form a partnership ,  Sunprene Co .  ,  which will make a new  line  of polyvinyl chloride thermoplastic compounds for the North American auto market .  
 At Kraft ,  based in Glenview ,  Ill .  ,  Mr .  Miles has been credited with a string of successes such as a  " light "  version of Philadelphia Brand cream cheese ,  and with introducing products and raising sales and profits in the highly competitive dairy business ,  which includes such brands as Frusen Gladje ice cream .         Mr .  Miles has stepped up annual volume growth on several of Kraft ' s brands to about 4% a year from 1% ,  largely through  line  extensions -- new versions of existing products .  
 VW dealers in the U . S .  hailed the change as a much-needed breath of fresh air for an automotive organization on its knees .      " I think Volkswagen has a really tough time competing in the U . S .  and they ' re going to have to assess how they can realistically keep up here ,  "  said J .  Rick Hendrick III ,  a big North Carolina dealer who sells VW ' s Volkswagen and Audi  lines  .  
 Last year alone ,  Audi lost an estimated $341 million in the U . S .  Even an infusion of several new models in the past year and a heavily marketed extended service warranty program have failed to halt the slide .         While not subject to such jarring problems ,  the Volkswagen  line  has seen its once-dominant position in the U . S .  imported small-car market evaporate .  
   Bausch & Lomb Inc .  said it will build a sunglass assembly and distribution facility in San Antonio ,  Texas ,  to keep up with strong demand for its Ray-Ban  line  of sunglasses .  
 EVEN THE lowly wastebasket can be made over .     King-Casey Inc .  ,  a New Canaan ,  Conn .  ,  design and marketing firm ,  interviewed 2 , 000 consumers about their dissatisfactions with wastebaskets and incorporated the results in a new  line  of trash containers for Mobil Chemical Co .  ,  producer of Hefty trash bags .  
  " Unfortunately ,  sales inducements are becoming a more practical part of the business .  "         The GM incentives are in addition to discount leasing programs that the No .  1 auto maker offers on about 20 of its 1989 car and truck  lines  .  
   Unisys Corp .  said it introduced several products in its BTOS  line  of computer workstations ,  including a workstation ,  a graphics processor and software .  
 Takasago ' s resulting odors have provided the basis for two bath-product  lines  -- including bubble baths and bath oils ,  soaps and talcs -- from Avon Products Inc .  Tranquil Moments ,  a floral bath line introduced in 1986 ,  supposedly relaxes bathers .     Its success prompted Avon last year to unveil Reveille ,  a citrus floral bath line with  " revitalizing "  effects .  
 Waldenbooks stores display Longmeadow ' s books lavishly and keep Pageant books on their shelves more than twice as long as other paperbacks .      " We ' ve given Pageant more space because we ' re trying to prove some points ,  to show that you can create a publishing  line  by promoting it properly ,  "  Mr .  Hoffman says .  
 The company ' s proceeds from the offering will be used for working capital ,  product development and other corporate purposes ,  including possible acquisitions .         The company develops and sells a  line  of interactive computer games for personal computers made by International Business Machines Corp .  and by Apple Computer Inc .  
 It already sells about 300 of the garments a year ,  mainly for industrial workers to wear under heavy suits for hazardous materials handling ,  but also for race car drivers ,  armored vehicle crews in the Canadian army ,  and Israeli tank crews who are putting the suits through desert trials .     The  line  is  " mildly profitable ,  "  says Bill Elkins ,  president .  
 Mr .  Shaffer said Rohm & Haas had earnings gains in the latest quarter in its largest segment ,  which consists of polymers ,  resins and monomers ,  and in its second largest segment ,  industrial chemicals .     But plastics segment earnings lagged behind those of a year earlier because of a gain on the sale of the company ' s Kydex plastic sheet  line  in 1987 .  
 A spokesman at General Tire ,  Akron ,  said the problem was exacerbated because the intense battle among the global producers to increase market share kept prices down .     He said General Tire had difficulty getting price increases to hold despite tight supplies in some  lines  .  
 Mr .  Arguetty said another reason for the company ' s performance was Jan Bell ' s improved product mix .     Jan Bell recently began selling a  line  of watches .  
   Weight Watchers International Inc .  accused Stouffer Corp .  of unfairly tipping the scales in favor of Stouffer ' s Lean Cuisine food  line  in advertisements .  
 In a suit filed in federal court in Manhattan ,  Weight Watchers ,  a weight-loss business based in New York ,  accused Stouffer of unfairly using its trademark name in Lean Cuisine ads .         Weight Watchers ,  a unit of H . J .  Heinz Co .  ,  Pittsburgh ,  also has a  line  of low-calorie foods .  
 It ' s one further step away from the  ' wires suppliers '  image of the old Radio Shack .  "         The agreement will give Digital ' s sales force a  line  of low-priced ,  IBM-compatible personal computers to sell to big customers .  
 Power-tool sales have been brisk ,  he said ,  and the company  " has been bringing out home-run products in the accessories area ,  such as the Bullet Pilot Point drill bit and Piranha saw blade .  "     He expects the company to unveil another significant accessories  line  early next year .  
 Norman G .  Fosback ,  editor of New Issues newsletter ,  says Gitano is  " attractive "  at 18 .     Start-up costs for Gitano ' s new menswear  line  and the unfavorable retail climate are drawbacks ,  says Mr .  Fosback .  
 Well almost .     Earlier this year ,  Malcolm S .  Forbes ,  Forbes magazine editor-in-chief ,  gave her a purple Harley to celebrate her new perfume  line  ,   " Elizabeth Taylor ' s Passion .  "  
 There are no other negotiations taking place for the time being .  "         Chrysler hopes that the program will increase sales of its own cars in dealerships that carry the Alfa Romeo  line  by increasing showroom traffic ,  Gerald Greenwald ,  chairman of the Chrysler Corp .  unit said .  
 Ford Motor Co .  ,  for example ,  announced yesterday it will offer leasing discounts to consumers on seven of its 1989 model cars and all of its compact and full-size pickup trucks through the end of the year .     The move follows by about a week a similar announcement from General Motors Corp .  of special leasing discounts on about 20 of its car and truck  lines  .  
 Chrysler ' s new program offers customers a choice between interest rates as low as 7 . 8% and rebates ranging between $300 and $1 , 500 .         The 1989 model cars included in the program are the subcompact Omni and Horizon and the compact Aries and Reliant ,  which will be replaced starting this January with a new  line  of midsize cars; the Eagle Premier and Medallion ,  which haven ' t been selling up to the company ' s expectations; and the Japanese-built Conquest TSi sports car .  
 The new management last month sold Schering-Plough its U . S .  contact-lens care solutions business for $40 million .     Still on the block are Cooper ' s diagnostic business ,  its plastic and reconstructive surgical products operation ,  and its remaining optometric  lines  ,  which includes its contact lens business .  
 But he said lenders are  " working hard to find a viable way to continue to support this company .  "         The former Zayre Corp .  chairman also said Regina has temporarily stopped selling both its Stutz vacuum cleaners ,  which in July began selling through dealers to small vacuum-cleaner shops ,  and its more expensive Cambridge  line  of cleaners ,  which began limited distribution in department stores last summer .  
 Digital Equipment will buy Tandy computers and sell them under its own label .     The pact boosts Tandy ' s image and gives Digital a competitive ,  IBM-compatible  line  .  
 Overall ,  though ,  Scott has made headway by holding down production costs and avoiding the premium segment of the market ,  where rivals such as Procter & Gamble excel .     Instead ,  Scott has stuck to its economy  line  ,  emphasizing basic consumer values such as more sheets per roll and more rolls per pack .  
 Mr .  Lippincott explains ,   " It isn ' t easy to walk out with one of those rolls under your arm .  "         In the past two years ,  Scott has extended the jumbo concept to include a  line  of paper towels and soap dispensers .  
   Data General Corp .  introduced a  line  of high-performance superminicomputers that vault it past archrival Digital Equipment Corp .  in the midrange-computer performance race .  
 Speed can be increased by adding as many as three more central processors ,  producing a $1 . 5 million computer that handles as many as 50 MIPS .     By contrast ,  Digital ' s high-end  line  ,  which spans about the same price range ,  handles from six MIPS to 24 MIPS .  
 Most vintners suffered even sharper declines as the industry leaders ,  Seagram Co .  and E & J Gallo Winery ,  gained market share at the expense of rivals .         In the past six months alone ,  California Cooler ,  a unit of Brown-Forman Beverage Co .  ,  revamped its entire cooler  line  and spent $20 million to promote it .  
 The agreement marks a significant move by Digital ,  the second-largest U . S .  computer maker ,  repeatedly faulted when it has tried to sell its own personal computers .         Tandy ,  based in Fort Worth ,  Texas ,  manufactures a broad  line  of computers that are compatible with those made by International Business Machines Corp .  ,  and it sells them through its Radio Shack stores .  
 When Mr .  Arnault began investing in Moet Vuitton ,  there were rumors he would seek direct control of Dior perfumes .     Mr .  Arnault has said he is interested in Moet Vuitton itself ,  not just the perfume  line  .  
   Regina Co .  ' s problems with defective vacuum cleaners apparently involve more than its Housekeeper and Housekeeper Plus  lines  ,  according to a judge ' s opinion .  
 The judge ' s opinion said one reason for his leaving was distress over the company ' s failure to correct problems with the machine .         Defective equipment and a high rate of returns in the Housekeeper and Housekeeper Plus  lines  have apparently contributed to Regina ' s recent financial problems .  
 Last week the company announced that its fiscal 1988 results were materially incorrect ,  and that it expected to report a loss for its current fiscal quarter ,  reversing previously positive earnings projections by Donald Sheelen ,  who resigned as chairman last week .         Regina has made impressive sales inroads in the vacuum cleaner business in recent years with its low-priced models aimed at discount stores; the Stutz  line  is more expensive and will be sold in specialty stores .  
 Regina has made impressive sales inroads in the vacuum cleaner business in recent years with its low-priced models aimed at discount stores; the Stutz  line  is more expensive and will be sold in specialty stores .         A memorandum submitted by Regina about its Stutz line of cleaners was ordered sealed for competitive reasons .  
 Individuals familiar with Regina noted that the Stutz cleaner hadn ' t been introduced until after the close of the company ' s 1988 fiscal year; the company has withdrawn financial figures for that period as materially incorrect .     Nevertheless ,  the difficulties with the Stutz  line  suggest other possible problems for dealers caused by faulty equipment .  
 Nevertheless ,  the difficulties with the Stutz  line  suggest other possible problems for dealers caused by faulty equipment .         In denying the company ' s request for an injunction ,  the court noted that Mr .  Geehring ' s new job involves selling commercial equipment that doesn ' t compete with Regina ' s consumer line ,  and that there was no evidence that he planned to disclose trade secrets .  
   Ford Motor Co .  ,  Dearborn ,  Mich .  ,  said it is discontinuing its Merkur XR4Ti  line  at the end of 1989 model year .  
 Chrysler ,  however ,  will have to  " struggle like hell "  to retain the 11% car-market share it earned in 1988 ,  Mr .  Greenwald acknowledged ,  largely because it will have limited availability of some important models as it shifts production sites and adds new products ,  including the Spirit and Acclaim midsize models that begin replacing Aries and Reliant K cars in January .         Lloyd E .  Reuss ,  executive vice president for GM ' s North American Automotive Operations ,  predicts the No .  1 auto maker will pick up  " a point or two "  in car and truck market share in 1989 ,  partly because of gradually increasing sales for the company ' s so-called GM-10 cars ,  a  line  of midsize ,  front-wheel-drive cars that initially sold below the company ' s expectations .  
 The fees were first challenged by Mid-America Pipeline Co .  ,  a Mapco Inc .  unit .         The case is significant because it is the latest in a  line  of Supreme Court appeals raising questions about the separation of power under the Constitution .  
   Honda Motor Co .  will introduce a super-luxury car in its Acura  line  within the next couple of years ,  two top executives said ,  and later probably will enter two market segments -- minivans and entry-level cars .  
 Times Mirror acquired Dorsey Press as part of its $135 million purchase earlier this year of Richard D .  Irwin Inc .  ,  a college textbook publishing concern ,  from Dow Jones & Co .  Dorsey Press publishes social science college textbooks .         A spokeswoman for Times Mirror said the sale was made because Dorsey Press ' s operations weren ' t consistent with Times Mirror ' s core college and professional textbook  lines  ,  which are primarily for courses in accounting ,  law ,  medicine ,  marketing ,  management and economics .  
   Advanced Micro Devices Inc .  said Japan ' s Hitachi Ltd .  will use the Sunnyvale ,  Calif .  ,  company ' s Am29000 microprocessor chip as the heart of a new  line  of medical instruments .  
 The Japanese auto maker will discontinue the Charade CSX ,  at $9 , 232 now the costliest of the three models it sells in the U . S .  and the most sporty Daihatsu ,  with air conditioning and a premium stereo system as standard features .     In its place ,  Daihatsu will offer the Charade CES at a $6 , 197 base price ,  lowest in the  line  .  
 If that is in the ball park ,  investors buying Xerox shares today would pay only about $1 . 4 billion ,  or less than $14 a share ,  for the company ' s copier and document processing machine businesses .     In a takeover ,  Ms .  Sloate thinks Xerox ' s business-products  lines  might fetch $85 a share ,  or 6 . 5 times cash flow from operations .  
 At the same time ,  it hopes to attract new buyers by introducing new computers that use industry standard microprocessors and the UNIX operating system .     It is expected to introduce upgraded versions of its MV  line  next week .  
 Many executives at IBM hold stock options ,  he said ,  and  " a lot of options are under water there ,  "  having been awarded when the price was a good deal higher .         IBM has undertaken a massive cost-control program ,  so far reaching into its manufacturing and marketing  lines  and involving substantial staff cuts and some plant closings .  
 L . A .  Gear ' s backlog at Aug .  31 was $55 million ,  up from $9 million a year ago .         Mr .  Horowitz attributes the strong earnings growth to increased demand for the company ' s shoes ,  including its recently introduced men ' s  line  .  
 To take on other companies at this time in our life doesn ' t seem wise .  "     The company has been adding to its apparel business ,  with a  line  of jeans and plans for a line of watches .  
 It is being squeezed by Asian competition in the company ' s traditional office-equipment market .     Sales of a new  line  of minicomputers haven ' t met the company ' s projections .  
 In the previous fiscal year ,  Porsche ' s profit fell 31% ,  to 51 . 9 million marks .         The auto maker said unit sales have improved in recent months and that it expects increased demand for its cars and improved earnings in the current fiscal year ,  based on modifications of its model  line  and spending reductions .  
 Donald Harnett ,  Graham-Field ' s chief financial officer ,  said the company shares markets and customer bases with Lumex ' s unit .     The Lumex division ,  with about $37 million in annual sales ,  emphasizes durable medical equipment ,  a good complement for Graham-Field ' s disposable-equipment  lines  ,  he added .  
 The merger proposal would involve subsidiaries of a company controlled by Mr .  Picower and Montgomery Medical as well as Controlled Therapeutic Corp .  ,  a closely held company to which a Montgomery Medical affiliate has provided venture capital .     Controlled Therapeutic ,  a development company ,  holds a license for a  line  of polymers designed to allow precise administration of pharmaceuticals without the need for mechanical equipment .  
 Trade books are all books sold directly to consumers in book stores and through mail orders .         McGraw-Hill noted that the college division ' s strengths in social sciences ,  humanities and foreign languages will complement its own  line  of business ,  accounting and engineering books .  
 Seven years ago ,  90% would have found it unprintable .         ATTENTION ,  IMELDA MARCOS: A new  line  of numbered made-to-order designer shoes from Charles Jourdan cost up to $4 , 000 a pair .  
 Poor quality and an unusually high rate of vacuum cleaner returns may have contributed significantly to Regina Co .  ' s recently disclosed financial problems .         Interviews with retailers and vacuum cleaner industry executives indicate that several of Regina ' s Housekeeper cleaner  lines  have had high rates of return ,  bringing into question the company ' s sales figures .  
 Problems with faulty belts ,  weak suction ,  or other flaws have led to return rates as high as 30% to 50% on certain models ,  some retailers said .     Target Stores ,  a subsidiary of Dayton Hudson Corp .  ,  said in the last month it dropped one Regina  line  because of customer complaints .  
 The plaintiffs in the suit ,  which seeks class-action status ,  are identified as investors who bought Regina stock between July 19 -- when the company released results for its year ended June 30 -- and Sept .  20 ,  when Regina told analysts that first-quarter results would be lower than expected .         The majority of the return problems seem to be with the Housekeeper vacuum  line  ,  which was introduced in 1986 and sells for $59 to $79 ,  and the 1987 Housekeeper Plus line ,  which sells for about $100 to $150 .  
 But the old 1000 machine was discontinued last month ,  he said ,  and Regina is in the process of introducing a new version .     Mr .  Dorn added that other Regina  lines  haven ' t had such high rates of return .  
 Officials at both companies said a return rate of as high as even 3% would be considered cause for alarm .         A Target Stores spokesman said the 332-store chain discontinued Regina ' s Housekeeper Plus 5000  line  ,  an updated and more expensive offering than the Housekeeper 1000 ,  after  " at least half "  were returned .  
 Lucas ,  with automotive ,  industrial and aerospace interests ,  has annual revenue exceeding $3 billion .         Allied-Signal ,  based in Morris Township ,  N . J .  ,  said in March that it planned to shed Utica as part of a reorganization of its aerospace  lines  .  
 But a recent case suggests patents can be obtained quickly enough to deter ripoffs .     It took only nine months for Avia Group International ,  a unit of Reebok International Ltd .  ,  to get a patent on a  line  of running shoes .  
 Backlogs stand at two years or more for many new aircraft models .         The company ' s whole aerospace segment ,  both commercial and military  lines  ,  accounted for 73% of last year ' s sales .  
 The purchase price was increased from $26 million ,  a sum on which the companies agreed earlier this month .     Car Care markets car-wax products under the Rain Dance and Rally brand names ,  and a  line  of engine additives and performance chemicals under the No .  7 label .  
 The small health and beauty aids concern said its filing listed assets of $1 . 6 million and liabilities of $1 . 2 million .     It said it will continue to sell its  line  of solid perfumes ,  disposable thermometers and other products .  
  " The Micro Channel is our strategy ,  "  said Bill Lowe ,  the head of IBM ' s PC division .      " We ' ve been consistently saying that since April 1987 ,  "  when the PS/2  line  was introduced .  
  " If we kept changing directions ,  I could see people questioning that .  "         A new machine without Micro Channel would be significant because the Micro Channel is the ingredient in IBM ' s PS/2  line  that it has promoted heavily as the major technological improvement over earlier PCs .  
 That ' s because the Intel 80386-SX is more powerful than the 80286 used in the recently unveiled machine ,  even though the Micro Channel is supposed to be best-suited for powerful machines .         IBM ' s defenders say the company is merely trying to get back into a part of the market that it abandoned too quickly when it introduced the PS/2  line  a year and a half ago .  
  " Is it $3 . 50 ,  $2 . 50 ,  a dollar ,  is it negative ?  "  he asked .         Mr .  Sheelen has been a visible and outspoken salesman for Regina ,  often boasting that the company would become the leader of the $700 million vacuum-cleaner market by 1989 ,  overtaking household name Hoover Co .  ,  a unit of Chicago Pacific Corp .  Regina had traditionally been known as a marketer of lightweight  " stick "  cleaners ,  or electric brooms ,  but under Mr .  Sheelen ' s direction the company has begun marketing a broad  line  of appliances .  
 Coburn Optical Industries Inc .  ,  a Tulsa ,  Okla .  ,  subsidiary of the British concern Pilkington PLC ,  says U . S .  sales have risen 50% in each of the past three years .     The company recently introduced a new  line  of magnifiers with thicker handles so that users with arthritis can hold them easily .  
 GM ' s new companywide program ,  called SmartLease and offered through General Motors Acceptance Corp .  ,  replaces a patchwork of leasing programs offered through GM ' s six vehicle marketing divisions .     To launch SmartLease ,  and to give a shove to 1989 model sales ,  GM said it is offering special lease discounts of as much as $1 , 300 over four years on about 20 car and truck  lines  through Dec .  31 .  
        Mattel Inc .  ,  Hawthorne ,  Calif .  ,  named Joseph S .  Whitaker as senior vice president ,  marketing ,  with responsibility for its  lines  of boys '  toys .  
 Cars marketed as the Geo Metro is have altered the way the EPA breaks down the fuel-economy lists .     Because of the increasing number of auto  lines  that spring ,  as the Geo Metro does ,  from U . S . -foreign joint ventures ,  the EPA no longer bothers to compile its list of the most fuel-efficient U . S .  cars .  
 Light trucks are among the most profitable vehicles built ,  with an average gross profit margin of 39% on each one sold ,  compared with an average of 35% on each car .  (They are of particular importance to Chrysler .     Sales of light trucks ,  including its Jeep  line  of vehicles and its minivans ,  make up 60% of the company ' s pretax profits . ) 
 Compaq Computer Corp .  introduced a smaller version of one of its powerful desktop computers at a reduced price ,  a move aimed at heading off potential competition from International Business Machines Corp .  ,  analysts said .         The announcement surprised many industry observers ,  who had expected Compaq to unveil its long-awaited  line  of laptop computers .  
 Sept .  24-Nov .  27 .         Guggenheim Museum ,  Manhattan:  " Andy Warhol ,  Cars "  -- The 35 paintings and 12 drawings on view are part of an extensive series of works that was to depict a century of automotive history based on the Mercedes-Benz  line  .  
 Bob Kosky was named to the newly created post of president of Christian Dior Sportswear & Accessories ,  a division of this apparel company .     Mr .  Kosky ,  39 years old ,  had been president of the men ' s knitwear  lines  .  
 Industry executives had expected the top job to go to William C .  Lowe ,  the president of IBM ' s PC division .         Industry executives and securities analysts have said Mr .  Lowe ,  who was largely responsible for IBM ' s entry into the PC business seven years ago ,  gambled and lost by prematurely killing off IBM ' s AT  line  and trying to get customers to switch to the PS/2 line of personal computers .  
 Industry executives and securities analysts have said Mr .  Lowe ,  who was largely responsible for IBM ' s entry into the PC business seven years ago ,  gambled and lost by prematurely killing off IBM ' s AT  line  and trying to get customers to switch to the PS/2 line of personal computers .         While IBM consistently has said it is pleased with the PS/2 line ,  a group of its competitors announced last week that it was producing a computer design to compete with the PS/2 design .  
 By April ,  Suzuki expects to ship 20 , 000 of the cars and 30 , 000 of the sport-utility vehicles to the U . S .         Versions of both vehicles will be imported by General Motors Corp .  for its new Geo  line  .  
   Chrysler Corp .  said it will boost production of its profitable Jeep  line  of vehicles 20% in 1989 ,  spending $24 million on plant improvements and adding 575 workers .  
 Cosmetics giant Estee Lauder Inc .  is making its first foray into regional marketing with an unusual strategy to sell products designed specifically for the West Coast and Japan .         The cosmetics company ' s Aramis division plans to launch a  line  of men ' s fragrances next month -- called New West -- that will be sold in California for six months ,  and then marketed in Japan .  
 Chrysler Corp .  said it will boost production of its profitable Jeep  line  of vehicles 20% in 1989 ,  spending $24 million on plant improvements and adding 575 workers .         Sales of light trucks ,  including the popular Jeep line of sport-utility vehicles and pickups ,  make up more than two-thirds of the Highland Park ,  Mich .  ,  auto maker ' s pretax profit .  
  " Like a pirate ship with a hundred guns ,  Hallmark ' s army of lawyers are trying to prove that might makes right .  "         The dispute developed when Hallmark produced a  line  of cards similar to those of Blue Mountain -- both featured watercolor decorations and long free-verse poetry with mostly personal messages .  
 Analysts said Digital will have a problem trying to sell both the workstations based on the Mips microprocessor and its older workstations ,  which are far less powerful .      " When they introduce a  line  ,  it will wipe out their VAXstation family ,  "  said Ms .  Brown .  
 A good example is its July purchase of Cessna Fluid Power division from General Dynamics Corp .     The unit ,  with annual sales of about $100 million ,  fills out Eaton ' s hydraulics products  line  and provides an entry into Europe ' s hydraulics business .  
 Beverly Hills High School is hoping that consumers will jump at the chance to wear the school ' s tony name on their tanktops and shorts .         A new  line  of sportswear and athletic wear ,  emblazoned with the school ' s  " BHHS "  logo ,  was introduced at a trade show Friday in Los Angeles .     The line ,  which will start appearing in upscale stores this holiday season at prices between $20 and $90 per article ,  is the result of a licensing agreement that the Beverly Hills Board of Education signed last year with Twentieth Century Fox Film Corp .  ,  granting the entertainment company exclusive rights to the Beverly Hills High School trademark .  
 The district will get 60% of the royalties from the licensing arrangement .         The clothing ,  made by Great Southern Co .  ,  Macon ,  Ga .  ,  comes in a rainbow of  " trendy yet unique "  colors ,  including bright orange ,  hot pink ,  turquoise and chartreuse ,  said Shannon Richey of San Diego-based Lucas Enterprises Inc .  ,  which is helping to market and promote the  line  .  
 POSH PERFUMES are going to the dogs .         Snooty Scents Inc .  of Houston is selling a  line  of dog shampoos and conditioners that it claims smell like Obsession ,  Giorgio ,  Polo and Aramis .  
 Many in the industry had expected the vacancy to be filled by William C .  Lowe ,  the president of IBM ' s PC division ,  and say IBM ' s decision will be a referendum on his performance .         Ulric Weil ,  a principal at Weil & Associates ,  a research firm said he believes Mr .  Lowe didn ' t get the job because the executive had prematurely killed off IBM ' s AT  line  and tried to get customers to switch to the PS/2 line of personal computers ,  introduced a year and a half ago .  
 IBM declined to confirm or deny that Mr .  Gerstner was being transferred .     It has consistently said ,  however ,  that it is pleased with the progress of the PS/2  line  of personal computers .  
 The production rate could be cut back by nearly half ,  without jeopardizing commitments it has with certain manufacturing plants to buy approximately 2 . 3 million pairs of shoes a month from them ,  Mr .  Jacobson said .          " Nike has upscaled all of its  line  ,  "  said Alice A .  Ruth ,  an industry analyst for Montgomery Securities ,  San Francisco .  
 In last year ' s second half ,  Reebok ' s net was about $83 million .         The earnings decline also raised questions of whether Reebok is losing even more ground to arch rival Nike Inc .  Reebok overtook Nike in sales in 1986 but has recently seen Nike ' s Air shoe  line  erode its market share ,  according to people familiar with Reebok .  
 The company ' s products perform 3-D graphics for workstations ,  primarily used in the manufacturing ,  scientific and engineering markets .     IBM ,  Armonk ,  N . Y .  ,  will most likely use the technology in its IBM PC-RT  line  of technical workstations .  
 The 2200-600 models will be roughly twice as powerful as those of the 1100-90 models they replace ,  the executives said .     That will make them the most powerful in the mainframe  line  that came from Sperry Corp .  ,  which merged with Burroughs Corp .  two years ago to form Unisys .  
 Once a negligible presence in the U . S .  ,  the maker of chemicals ,  pharmaceuticals and fibers has quickly established itself in the U . S .  chemicals market through sizable acquisitions .     Over the past two years ,  it has bought the agricultural chemicals business of Union Carbide Corp .  for $575 million and a basic chemicals  line  from Imperial Chemical Industries PLC for $505 million .  
 As an unprofitable business now ,  analysts estimate it will sell for about $500 million -- or about half its annual revenue .     The company may also be considering writing off the low-margin products ,  such as smaller TV sets ,  and finding a joint venture partner to help build up the more profitable  lines  ,  such as large-screen projection TVs .  
 When Hallmark ' s former agency ,  Young & Rubicam Inc .  ,  began using emotional advertising for its client American Telephone & Telegraph Co .  ,  Hallmark saw that as a conflict of interest and dropped the agency .         Included in the review will be Hallmark ' s lower-priced Ambassador  line  of cards ,  which Ogilvy ,  an Ogilvy Group Inc .  unit ,  has advertised since 1981 .  
 This year ' s redesign of the DeVille and Fleetwood series is more significant .     The two model  lines  are expected to account for about 64% of the 261 , 000 cars Cadillac expects to sell in the 1989 model-year .  
 The Chevy Nova ,  for example ,  becomes the Geo Prizm ,  and like the others it will be sold exclusively through about 80% of Chevrolet ' s 5 , 000 or so U . S .  dealers .         The introduction of the Geo  line  marks the most ambitious attempt ever by Detroit to succeed at something that has largely eluded the Big Three for 30 years: marketing so-called captive imports -- vehicles made by a foreign company and sold through domestic dealerships .  
 The car won ' t go on sale until May ,  so Chevy officials didn ' t say much about it .         But they did say that the Lumina name will go on a  line  of vehicles -- including a coupe and a sleekly styled ,  plastic-body minivan -- that they expect will be one of the division ' s most popular vehicles in the 1990s .  
 Families often shun two-door cars because it ' s more difficult to get children into and out of the back seats .         The family focus for the  line  is one of the reasons Chevrolet decided to include under the Lumina umbrella its new minivan ,  nicknamed APV (for all-purpose vehicle) ,  which won ' t be available until next June .  
 In establishing products with consumers ,  he said ,  it ' s easier to focus ad dollars and marketing efforts if there ' s only one name to promote .     Chevrolet is using the same approach with its Geo  line  of import cars that debuts this fall .  
 Scientific Micro Systems Inc .  said it sold ,  for about $10 million ,  most of the assets of its SuperMac Technology division to a group led by the division ' s management .         The division makes and markets enhancements for Apple Computer Inc .  ' s Macintosh  line  of personal computers .  
 Reebok has gone outside for marketing talent at a time when competition is increasing .     Nike Inc .  ,  its chief rival ,  is hot on its heels ,  with the success of its Air shoe  line  .  
 Playtex Family makes Playtex tampons ,  disposable nursers ,  gloves and Tek toothbrushes .     The hair-care unit ,  Jhirmack Inc .  ,  makes a  line  of hair-care products sold in salons and pharmacies .  
   Hyundai Motor America said it raised the base price on its  line  of 1989 Excel subcompact models as much as 3 . 4% .  
 Armor All ,  an Irvine ,  Calif .  ,  maker of automotive-care products ,  said it will finance the acquisition initially from a combination of cash reserves and short-term borrowings .         Borden ' s Car Care division markets car wax products under the Rain Dance and Rally brand names ,  and a  line  of engine additives and performance chemicals under the No .  7 label .  
 Motorola Inc .  and five of its former top semiconductor engineers who it sued last week for misappropriating confidential information reached a preliminary agreement that could result in the settlement of the lawsuit .         According to a filing with a Texas state court in Austin ,  the five employees who now work for Ross Technology Inc .  of Austin ,  agreed to refrain from using or sharing technical and marketing information about Motorola ' s  line  of microprocessor chips .  
 Mr .  Harrison said McCormick doesn ' t have a specific target in mind .     But he indicated that the most likely type of candidate would fit with McCormick ' s retail or consumer-brand products ,  which include major  lines  of spices and sauce mixes .  
 Sources close to both companies say that IBM has agreed to license some software technology from Next ,  including the so-called graphical user interface that controls the on-screen appearance of the Next computer and makes it easier to use than some others .     The sources said IBM would like to use the software on its RT family of technical workstations ,  a  line  that has been a sluggish seller so far in a market that itself is the fastest growing segment of the computer industry .  
   Terry Pillow ,  35 years old ,  was named president of Chaps by Ralph Lauren ,  one of this apparel company ' s  lines  .  
 George Ackerman resigned the position to pursue other interests .     Mr .  Pillow had been executive vice president of merchandising for the apparel  line  .  
 Although the risks Mr .  Canion faces are big ,  so are the potential benefits .      " Compaq would be the big winner "  if the effort succeeds ,  says Charles Wolf ,  an analyst at First Boston Corp .  Notably bearish on Compaq after IBM introduced the PS/2  line  ,  he now views the company ' s outlook as bright:  " With their distribution and marketing ,  they would be the high-end leader in the marketplace .  
 In the latest nine months ,  Rockwell had net income of $626 million ,  or $2 . 34 a share ,  on sales of $8 . 79 billion .         Sales from the automotive  lines  of Rockwell ,  based in El Segundo ,  Calif .  ,  will jump to $2 . 1 billion from last year ' s record $1 . 7 billion ,  he said ,  adding that the company views the growth of its auto business as  " substantial progress we are making in replacing B-1B sales and earnings .  "  
 But both sides agreed that the new PC war could confuse their customers and hurt everyone ' s sales .         A string of new PC products was introduced by IBM in a bid to beef up its personal computer  line  .  
 Mr .  Sugar ' s comments came at a news conference yesterday to introduce a new range of Amstrad personal computers .     Contrary to prior press reports ,  the new machines aren ' t fully compatible with industry leader International Business Machines Corp .  ' s new  line  of Personal System/2 personal computers .  
 The unit will sell air conditioners to GE and other customers under private label as well as the Fedders ,  Airtemp and Climatrol brands .         Fedders makes a broad  line  of room air conditioners .  
 A lot of users were still trying to figure out just what difference IBM ' s Micro Channel makes when rumors began circulating last month about a personal computer coming from Big Blue that won ' t have the vaunted Micro Channel .         IBM has also been trumpeting another new way to stay on the cutting edge of PC technology: Take out the old software at the heart of your machines (DOS) and replace it with a new program (OS/2 -- not to be confused with PS/2 ,  the name of IBM ' s new  line  of personal computers) .  
 This spring just two companies -- Tandy Corp .  and Dell Computer Corp .  -- introduced PS/2 clones .     Like parents of a new baby anxious not to upset their older child ,  they both declared that their PS/2 look-alikes were great products ,  but not so great that their clones of the old IBM PC  line  wouldn ' t still be big sellers .  
 Moreover ,  PC add-on boards ,  used increasingly to add speed and functions ,  have to fit whatever bus is inside a machine .         IBM will also be making news today (just a crosstown bus away from the gang of nine) when it unveils the latest addition to its PS/2  line  .  
 In the past that strategy has made businesses nervous about buying Apple ' s maverick machines .     But now Apple can point to the scuffling going on in the IBM world as a reason to opt for the more stable Macintosh  line  .  
 Mattel Inc .  is preparing to flood the country with 582 million store-redeemable coupons this fall as the centerpiece of a new marketing campaign .     The coupons offer discounts of $1 to $5 on toys including Barbie and other dolls ,  Hot Wheels Speed Shift 500 race sets ,  TV Play-Along Wheel of Fortune games ,  and a new  line  of Disney infant and preschool toys .  
 Other analysts ,  though ,  stress that the coupon concept may need fine-tuning .      " Barbie is red hot and Hot Wheels has emerged as one of the fastest selling toy  lines  in the country ,  "  says Paul Valentine of Standard & Poor ' s Corp .  ,  noting that parents always seem willing to pay a premium for the hottest toys .  
 Kayser-Roth Hosiery Inc .  plans to unveil today a new brand of pantyhose that it hopes will lure department-store shoppers into the supermarket to buy their dressy nylons .         Called Burlington Sheer Indulgence ,  the hosiery  line  is an attempt to develop a new niche and bring some excitement to the sagging pantyhose market .  
 Sheer Indulgence will be sold in food ,  drug and discount stores and will be promoted as  " department-store quality at affordable prices .  "     The  line  is priced between $2 . 25 to $4 . 40 ,  which Kayser-Roth says puts it about 20% above such mass-marketed pantyhose brands as its own No Nonsense and Sara Lee Corp .  ' s L ' eggs ,  but about 20% less than Sara Lee ' s Hanes and other department-store brands .  
 David B .  Jones ,  chief executive officer of Holiday ' s Homewood Suites unit ,  said the company has signed contracts with franchisees this year to develop 55 extended-stay hotels ,  which are expected to start opening next summer .         He predicted Holiday ' s  line  would grow more rapidly than Marriott ' s because Holiday plans to rely on franchisees to develop 80% of its extended-stay hotels .  
 Seagram said dividend income from its 22 . 9% stake in Du Pont was $52 million for the quarter and $98 . 5 million for the six months .     The company ' s beverage  line  includes distilled spirits ,  wines ,  wine and spirits coolers and juices .  
  " GM has lost market share in every market segment in which it competes ,  "  said Ronald A .  Glantz ,  an analyst with Montgomery Securities in San Francisco .     He said GM ' s success this year with its Chevrolet Beretta and Corsica compact cars seems to have come at the expense of its other car  lines  ,  including its new intermediates ,  the Pontiac Grand Prix ,  Buick Regal and Oldsmobile Cutlass Supreme .  
   After months of hesitation ,  the European personal computer industry is gearing up to clone International Business Machines Corp .  ' s struggling new  line  of personal computers .  
 After months of hesitation ,  the European personal computer industry is gearing up to clone International Business Machines Corp .  ' s struggling new  line  of personal computers .         Starting this week with the announcement by Britain ' s Apricot Computer PLC ,  most of Europe ' s major personal-computer makers are expected to unveil plans to sell machines compatible with IBM ' s Personal System/2 line .  
 The IBM spokesman added that the European product announcements confirm the company ' s view that PS/2  " is the way forward for our customers into 1990s .  "         IBM launched the PS/2  line  to regain market share lost to U . S .  ,  European and Asian clones of its PC and AT lines .  
 But experts say that program trading of the kind that contributed to the volatility of the New York stock market during the October crash is still a long way off .     Japanese brokerage firms are yet not allowed to hook up direct computer  lines  to the Tokyo Stock Exchange .  
 The group is expected to develop what it hopes will become a standard  " bus ,  "  the component that handles the communications flow inside a computer ,  letting the central processor talk to the keyboard ,  the floppy disk and so forth .         The IBM rivals are expected to argue that their bus will provide all the advantages of IBM ' s Micro Channel bus ,  which ,  though arcane ,  the company has marketed hard as the major innovation of its PS/2  line  .  
 Eric Zimits ,  an analyst with Morgan Keegan & Co .  ,  said the company has a 50% share of that market ,  and derives more than 70% of its profit from it .      " There has been a lot of speculation that the Irma  line  is due for obsolescence ,  "  said Mr .  Zimits .  
 To be sure ,  a few companies are trying to use the Olympics to make the transition from a subcontractor to an internationally known brand .     Kukje Corp .  shifted from producing Nike shoes to developing its own Pro-Specs  line  of athletic shoes five years ago .  
 The effort ,  a major challenge to IBM ,  will include Compaq and Tandy .         Europe ' s computer industry is set to begin cloning IBM ' s struggling new  line  of personal computers .  
 This is a big week for Sun Microsystems Inc .  ,  as more chip and computer manufacturers sign on to Sun ' s grand plan to establish a high-performance computer design standard for the industry to clone .         Today ,  Sun and Texas Instruments Inc .  will outline a sweeping technology licensing agreement under which Texas Instruments '  chip division will manufacture Sun ' s high-performance Sparc microprocessor and its computer systems division will begin using the Sparc chip to power a new  line  of computers .  
 Chrysler Corp .  is attempting to jump-start the sluggish sales of its Eagle Premier luxury car by boosting cash incentives 25% to $750 .         The move comes at a time when rebates on most cars are being reduced ,  and thus reflects the difficulties Chrysler has faced since late last year with the flagship of the new Eagle  line  .  
 Recently ,  Mr .  Taki said he will invest in another Seventh Avenue designer ,  Jeffrey Banks ,  a 34-year-old menswear designer who has run his own struggling business since 1985 .     Mr .  Banks ' s chief success so far came when he was head designer of Merona Sport sportswear ,  a hot-selling  line  of boldly colored knit weekend clothes that became as trendy in the early 1980s as jogging suits once were .  
 Terms of the agreement weren ' t disclosed .         The first products introduced under the program will be a  line  of men ' s and women ' s sportswear ,  which will make its debut next March .  
 The Masson repositioning is the latest attempt by a major vintner to appeal to wine drinkers '  increasingly sophisticated palates .     Earlier this year ,  for example ,  No .  2-ranked Heublein Inc .  ,  owned by Grand Metropolitan Inc .  ,  introduced a  line  called Sylvan Springs and is now rolling out Navalle Selections to expand its presence in fighting varietals .  
 As the capacity utilization figures indicate ,  the American economy is terrific at production .     However ,  once a product is off the  line  and in the hands of a customer ,  it seems that all too often the system breaks down .  
 Within days ,  Prime Minister Noboru Takeshita felt compelled to apologize for his country .         But for Sanrio ,  which produced and marketed the Sambo caricatures as the design on a best-selling  line  of toys and beachwear ,  the consequences were more tangible and potentially more lasting .  
 Then came a Securities and Exchange Commission investigation of the company ' s disclosure of certain financial information .     Later ,  it was the delay of a much-heralded computer  line  .  
 XTC Products Inc .  ,  a Larchmont ,  N . Y .  ,  toy maker ,  filed suit in New York ,  charging Walt Disney Co .  and Dover Handbag Co .  with trademark infringement .         Since 1983 ,  XTC has marketed a  line  of soft toys under the trademark Hugg-A-Planet .  
 The value of Beatrice assets sold so far ,  about $8 billion ,  still doesn ' t equal the amount investors paid for the company .     Donald P .  Kelly ,  Beatrice ' s chairman ,  has auctioned off 10 major businesses ,  including the company ' s Coca-Cola bottlers and Tropicana juice  lines  ,  in an effort to break even .  
 A special dividend may help save Kohlberg Kravis from possible investor criticism that it overpaid for Beatrice .     A year ago ,  some Beatrice insiders boasted that by selling off Beatrice ' s remaining major businesses -- its  lines  of Hunt tomato products ,  Wesson cooking oils and Swift meats -- the investors would earn a pre-tax profit that could exceed $3 billion .  
 The company hopes to get federal clearance later this year to begin human tests of the melanin skin cream and to invade the $300 million-a-year sun-screen market in 1990 .      " We ' re developing a new  line  of skin protectants based on melanin produced by genetic engineering ,  "  says Sergio Nacht ,  vice president for research and development and a biochemist who has specialized in dermatology research .  
 The Washington-based consumer group said its rankings were based on information compiled by the Department of Transportation but not widely disseminated .     The group ' s analysis showed General Tire ' s Ameri Classic  line  should last between 66 , 000 and 70 , 000 miles ,  depending on the size of the tire .  
 In fact ,  some of the tires that rank low in the center ' s study are specially designed for better handling and are used primarily in motor-racing sports .         For instance ,  at the bottom of the center ' s list were Goodrich ' s T/A R and R1  line  made by Uniroyal Goodrich Tire Co .  ,  Akron ,  and Yokohama Tire Co .  ' s A001R/A008R .  
 The center said neither tire should last more than 10 , 000 miles on average .         But a spokeswoman at Uniroyal Goodrich said its T/A R and R1  lines  are essentially road-racing tires that aren ' t expected to last long .  
 She said the tires are shaved to low tread depth for competition .     Japan ' s Yokohama couldn ' t be reached ,  but industry experts said its A001R/A008R  line  also is a racing-style tire .  
 Armstrong is a unit of the Pirelli group of Italy .         However ,  a spokesman for Armstrong in New Haven ,  Conn .  ,  said the study apparently was based on dated information ,  explaining that its Tru Trac  line  was phased out in early 1986 and replaced with a line called Coronet Ultra Trac ,  which was rated in the study to last between 40 , 000 and 44 , 000 miles .     Another Armstrong line cited in the study was discontinued in 1984 ,  the Armstrong spokesman said .  
 Operating systems are programming that control the inner workings of computers .         The new Digital products further extend the company ' s  line  of equipment based on the Ultrix operating system ,  which utilizes a standard developed by American Telephone & Telegraph Co .  that has been widely adopted in the industry .  
 For the full year 1987 the company earned $16 . 8 million on $366 million in sales .     During the latest six month period ,  the company said it had a 30% increase in unit volume in women ' s apparel and children ' s wear ,  as well as some selected price increases in women ' s jeans ,  sales from a new menswear  line  ,  and the opening of additional retail stores .  
 KITCHEN appliances that hang below wall cabinets are marketed as space savers ,  so the thinner they look ,  the better .         Black & Decker Inc .  ' s new Spacemaker Plus  line  is indeed thin -- some appliances measure less than half the height of the models they replace .  
 But clever design makes them appear even thinner than they are .         This week the  line  of appliances ,  which includes a coffee maker ,  can opener with optional knife-sharpener and a task light ,  won the Industrial Design Excellence Award in the  " product "  category from the Industrial Designers Society of America .  
 The company said it was the largest first-customer shipment of a multiuser system in its history .         As previously reported ,  the new AS/400  line  is part of the computer giant ' s bid to regain dominance in the midrange computer market .  
 The new  line  merges the IBM System 36 and System 38 machines .     Doing so removes the incompatibilities between two of the three major minicomputer lines that IBM sells .  
 Hallmark Cards Inc .  ,  Kansas City ,  Mo .  ,  said it has petitioned the Supreme Court of the U . S .  to overturn an appellate court decision that has temporarily enjoined the firm from selling greeting cards that resemble those of a small Colorado concern .         Hallmark had been sued by Blue Mountain Arts Inc .  of Boulder ,  Colo .  ,  for trademark violations ,  contending that Hallmark ' s Personal Touch  line  of cards was too similar to Blue Mountain Arts '  products .  
   ADVERTISING: Ingalls ,  Quinn & Johnson said it was designated by Gillette Co .  to handle the advertising and promotional support for the test marketing of a new  line  of skin care products called Myoko .  
 Mr .  Kelly ' s compensation and share of the profit is more than $16 million ,  according to Beatrice documents .         Little remains of Beatrice except its  lines  of Hunt tomato products ,  Wesson cooking oils and Swift meats .  
 A spokesman for the judge said Friday that she had approved the transaction .         The  lines  and the factories where they are produced are being sold to Hasbro Inc .  and SLM Action Sports Inc .  
 The Reagan administration ,  however ,  isn ' t completely satisfied with such disclaimers .     U . S .  officials are checking to see whether some Japanese producers are quietly stashing away chips for new computer  lines  and not reporting these inventories to the MITI .  
 In the past two years ,  Textron has set up a new management team for Gorham ,  consolidated some of its operations and eliminated some of its unprofitable items ,  such as stuffed teddy bears and coffee cups ,  which it sold for several manufacturers .     Textron said the trimmed-down  line  now concentrates solely on the production and sale of silver spoons ,  fine dinnerware ,  lead crystal and silverplated holloware ,  for which it is best known .  
   Mitsubishi Motor Sales of America raised by as much as 3 . 4% the base prices of its Galant and Mirage car  lines  .  
 The price on the Galant four-door automatic-transmission model rose 3 . 4% to $11 , 819 from $11 , 429 .         The company also said it raised prices on its Mirage  line  by 3% across the board ,  including a $350 price increase to $11 , 969 on its most expensive Mirage ,  the turbo-charged hatchback model .  
 Personal computer industry executives are expecting International Business Machines Corp .  to bring out soon a new microcomputer with a design similar to the one IBM superseded with much fanfare last year .         The move would be a surprise because IBM has been noisily touting the new design ,  which it calls the Micro Channel ,  inside its 16-month-old PS/2  line  of personal computers .  
 But he said he never indicated that had to happen at the same time a low-end machine got the 80286 central processor ,  to improve upon the less powerful 8086 processor these machines now use .     The 80286 is currently used in the middle of the PS/2  line  and in the past was used in making the IBM PC-AT .  
 IBM has already prepared the market for a new ,  low-end personal computer .     It said earlier this year it intended to bring out a low-cost PS/2 built around Intel Corp .  ' s 80286 chip ,  which is currently at the heart of the machines in the middle of the PS/2  line  .  
 The distribution chains are long ,  the prices are high and supermarkets are reluctant to handle highly perishable items .          " In the U . S .  ,  there really isn ' t a well-organized refrigerated trucking and warehouse system -- how will they find the distribution capability to support their Kings stores with the St .  Michael  line  ?  "  asks Willard Bishop ,  a supermarket consultant .  
 He adds:  " People would be doing much more of this if they could figure out how to bring it to market broadly .  "     Indeed ,  Campbell last year withdrew its Fresh Chef  line  of refrigerated sauces ,  soups and salads from national distribution after incurring substantial losses ,  while General Food ' s Culinova line of upscale entrees is barely hanging on .  
 Although Mr .  Sculley may be reinventing Apple ,  it isn ' t clear whether his organizational changes and newfound vision will result in new breakthrough products .     So far ,  the company has been making the most of the Macintosh and Apple II  lines  ,  both offspring of the Jobs years .  
 Katy Industries Inc .  said that it completed the previously announced sale of its Missouri-Kansas-Texas Railroad unit to Union Pacific Corp .  and that it plans to record a gain of about $81 million ,  or $12 . 93 a share ,  on the sale in the third quarter .         Selling the 3 , 000-mile system ,  commonly known as the Katy  line  ,  will enable Katy to focus on its consumer products and industrial machinery operations .  
 A TRW Inc .  unit told Paccar to suspend delivery of Paccar ' s Peterbilt and Kenworth trucks because of potential defects in TRW ' s power-steering mechanism .     The two truck  lines  represent about 80% of Paccar ' s sales .  
 In some of their current operations ,  they ' ve focused on auto repair and maintenance products ,  realizing consumers are keeping their cars longer .         They are likely to sell Interco ' s apparel manufacturing and general retailing operations ,  including such  lines  as London Fog rain gear and Converse and Florsheim shoes .  
 Turbine Services parts made from the drawings ,  valued by GE at about $6 million ,  must be locked up in a bonded warehouse for five years .     And Turbine Services is prohibited from dealing in parts for several  lines  of gas turbines for five to 10 years .  
 For example ,  the lowest priced 1989 Pontiac Grand Prix will cost $13 , 899 ,  up 10 . 8% ,  or $1 , 360 ,  from the 1988 base model price of $12 , 539 .     The Grand Prix ,  the best-selling of GM ' s new  line  of midsized cars ,  will now have air conditioning as standard equipment .  
 In addition ,  it has notified dealers not to sell Paccar trucks produced since April .         Paccar declined to estimate how much the recall would affect its profitability ,  but the two truck  lines  account for about 80% of the company ' s sales .  
 Under the pact ,  Fujitsu estimates it will sell between 25 , 000 and 30 , 000 Sun workstations ,  with about 90% of the sales in Japan .         The pact also allows Fujitsu ,  Japan ' s largest computer supplier ,  to enhance its existing  lines  of microcomputers ,  minicomputers ,  workstations and mainframes with products from Sun ' s Sun-3 and Sun-4 workstation families .  
   Atari Corp .  reported strong second-quarter profits from its computer and video  lines  ,  but they were partly offset by unexpectedly high losses from its Federated Group unit ,  which it acquired last year .  
 Sales for the period jumped to $164 . 6 million from $70 . 7 million a year ago .         The company said its computer and video  lines  performed strongly ,  as expected ,  but that its results were hurt by its Federated Group operations ,  a string of consumer electronics stores it acquired last October .  
   Nord Resources Corp .  ,  Dayton ,  Ohio ,  said it will spend $30 million to expand its Jeffersonville ,  Ga .  ,  plant to make several new products for its  line  of paper filling and coating clays .  
 Even with the U . S .  action ,  though ,  industry officials say shortages of the chips are likely to continue because current production capacity is insufficient to meet an unanticipated surge in U . S .  demand for the advanced chips .     On the supply side ,  the shortages are caused mainly by quality-control problems encountered by Japan ' s NEC Corp .  on its new DRAM  lines  and Hitachi Ltd .  ' s slow recovery from an earthquake in Japan that damaged one of its chip plants .  
 Executives at K mart Corp .  were surprised last year when Martha Stewart ,  an author of books on lavish cooking and entertaining ,  showed them she could set an elegant table from items sold at the company ' s discount stores .          " We couldn ' t believe it was our merchandise ,  "  recalls Michael Wellman ,  the company ' s vice president of marketing ,  who is now working with Mrs .  Stewart to develop an exclusive  line  of household goods for K mart .  
 Mr .  Antonini says the company suffered from a  " malaise "  because it had expanded so much that its  " growth opportunities might appear to be limited .  "         Mr .  Antonini ,  who revitalized the company ' s apparel operations by introducing the Jaclyn Smith  line  in 1985 ,  is trying to change that ,  partly by enlarging K mart stores and playing catch-up in computerization .  
  " That ' s the customer we felt we were not serving properly before ,  "  says Mr .  Wellman ,  the marketing vice president .         Aiming at that market ,  K mart plans early next year to start selling an exclusive  line  of stylish kitchen ,  bedroom and bath items bearing Mrs .  Stewart ' s name .  
 The plan to test as many as 40 McKids specialty stores in shopping malls over the next two years is part of a broader effort by Sears to revitalize its sagging retailing operations .     The McKids stores will carry national brands as well as an exclusive  line  of McKids clothing and toys .  
 Prices will be in the  " moderate "  to  " upper moderate "  range ,  the spokesman said .         The McKids store concept is an outgrowth of Sears ' s successful arrangement with Oak Brook ,  Ill . -based McDonald ' s to license a McKids clothing  line  now sold in 750 of its 821 Sears stores .     The line ,  which was introduced in 1987 ,  is expected to generate sales of $175 million this year .  
 It also is trying to improve logistics and make production more efficient to compete better with German counterparts .         It ' s setting up manufacturing in local markets with local designers ,  including some lower-priced  lines  ,  instead of concentrating mainly on making clothes in Italy for export .  
 And it ' s looking to new markets ,  such as the Soviet Union and China ,  where potential is huge but initial investment can be small .         Founded in 1868 as a maker of ready-to-wear clothing ,  GFT by 1987 made 60 different  lines  of clothes ,  including some of its own design ,  which it distributes in 70 countries .  
   McCormick & Co .  is repackaging its entire  line  of spices and seasonings ,  tossing out its familiar red and white tins for fancy-labeled plastic bottles .  
 Still ,  McCormick expects to rake in $15 million to $20 million in business from new grocery-store accounts this year .     Robert Wunderle ,  a spokesman for Woodbridge ,  N . J . -based Supermarkets General Corp .  ,  calls the  line   " much improved .  "  
 Prime Motor Inns dropped 1 3/8 to 34 3/8 .     Montgomery Securities lowered its estimate of the company ' s 1989 net income to $2 . 50 a share from $2 . 65 on a fully diluted basis ,  citing an expected drop in interest income as a result of the company ' s plans for funding the development of a new  line  of hotels .  
 The group said sales of software for personal computers made by International Business Machines Corp .  and compatible makers ,  rose 44% to $1 . 39 billion ,  accounting for 76% of the market .     Sales of software for Apple Computer Inc .  ' s Macintosh  line  rose 130% to $192 . 3 million or 10 . 6% of the industry .  
 But can GE ?     Critics say the fallout from Mr .  Welch ' s swap last year of GE ' s consumer-electronics business for the medical-equipment  lines  of Paris-based Thomson illustrates the price GE pays for his style .  
 LTV also took a $30 million special charge on its exit from the medium and heavy military truck business .     LTV announced last month that its AM General division would discontinue those  lines  so it could concentrate on its U . S .  Army contract for the Hummer high mobility vehicle ,  which will be opened for a rebid next year .  
   A consumer-health group accused an RJR Nabisco Inc .  unit of misleading consumers about the contents of a popular  line  of fruit drinks .  
 A consumer-health group accused an RJR Nabisco Inc .  unit of misleading consumers about the contents of a popular  line  of fruit drinks .         The Center for Science in the Public Interest said it asked the Food and Drug Administration to order the Del Monte Foods unit to change the name of its Fruit Blends line .  
 It features many of the New York area ' s leading politicians and media figures ,  but mixes up their jobs and genealogies to such an extent that part of the fun is figuring out exactly who is who .          " Family Politics "  tells the story of the surviving remnant of the Daley family ,  the makers of a notable  line  of cars whose business has fallen into disrepair and whose members are falling into the kind of financial condition that only the wealthy could consider poverty-stricken .  
 IBM raised prices on such products as operating-system software ,  which controls the basic operations of a computer ,  and on big disk drives ,  which store data for mainframes and big minicomputers .     The Armonk ,  N . Y .  ,  company also raised prices on its 9370  line  of minicomputers ,  even though they have gotten off to a slow start ,  and on maintenance ,  even though competition for maintenance contracts has been particularly fierce .  
 Still ,  there were some notable absences from IBM ' s list of price increases .     Prices weren ' t changed for IBM ' s new mainframe models ,  its new AS/400 minicomputer  line  or most personal computers .  
 A USG spokesman said the businesses to be sold  " don ' t fit in with {USG ' s} core businesses "  and don ' t meet  " minimum margin requirements .  "     USG considers its gypsum ,  ceiling-tile and DAP repair and remodeling  lines  as well as its wallboard distribution business as core operations ,  the spokesman said .  
 Amdahl Corp .  ,  playing tit for tat with arch-rival International Business Machines Corp .  ,  said it lopped off 10% to 14% from the price of its mainframe computers .         As previously reported ,  last week ,  Armonk ,  N . Y . -based IBM unveiled a new  line  of aggressively priced mainframe machines in a bid to undersell feisty Amdahl .  
 Using other data on her coloring and age ,  the computer produces printouts with color recommendations for  " casual ,  "   " polished "  and  " evening "  looks .         Noxell Corp .  ,  which already has computers ,  recently started an ad campaign for its Clarion cosmetics  line  that touts the machines '  ability to make the  " right "  choice .  
 No one ,  however ,  is predicting a resurgence in generic foods -- the plain-labeled ,  cut-rate products that took over aisles of space in some supermarkets during the inflation-ridden 1970s .     While such  lines  will continue to be offered in relatively small sections of most stores ,  consultants expect that consumers will instead be looking to an increased number of low-priced name brands and house brands -- products that are cheaper than heavily advertised top brands but seem to offer comparable quality .  
 Beyond scoring points in that public-image battle ,  IBM ' s new  line  ,  the 3090 Model S ,  is intended to give customers the improvements in price and performance they expect every couple of years .     The Armonk ,  N . Y .  ,  company last overhauled its mainframe line in January 1987 .  
   IBM unveiled a  line  of mainframe computers in a bid to win back marketing ground lost to rival Amdahl .  
 The 1988 Taurus and Sable models aren ' t affected because their gas tanks are of a different design ,  the spokesman said .         This is the latest in a series of quality embarrassments to hit the Taurus-Sable  line  ,  launched in the 1986 model year .  
 Last summer ,  the Taurus and Sable models were included in a recall of 4 . 3 million Ford vehicles to correct fuel- line  defects linked to 230 engine fires .     Ford has conducted five other safety-related recalls affecting smaller numbers of the Taurus and Sable line ,  as well as four recalls to fix problems not related to safety ,  a company spokesman said .  
 Retailers thought the change -- to bolder colors ,  busier patterns and higher prices -- too much for the Arrow man .     For the most part ,  they rejected the new sport shirt  line  ,  forcing Cluett to unload much of it to discounters at fire-sale prices .  
 That lowered West Point ' s net income from continuing operations to $7 . 5 million ,  or 25 cents a share ,  from $11 . 6 million ,  or 38 cents a share ,  in the year-earlier quarter .         Cluett had transformed much of its normally classic ,  plain-vanilla ,  mid-priced  line  of sport shirts into threads it hoped would draw a younger ,  more affluent buyer .     Normally safe shades of blues ,  browns and grays became more vibrant ,  and the spring line of Arrow sport shirts included a mix of bolder primary colors ,  busy stripes and multi-colored madras .  
 Moreover ,  in the confusion following the takeover ,  the designers became isolated not only from Arrow customers but also from the company ' s own sales staff .         Last spring and summer ,  as they were creating the bolder spring  line  ,  the designers failed to notice that both retailers and consumers were becoming more conservative .  
 That shift intensified after last October ' s stock market crash .     Cluett  " seemed to have had the  line  misstriped and miscolored ,  "  says an executive at a rival ,  who credits Cluett ' s mistake for a 15% to 20% rise in his own sales .  
 Moreover ,  say Cluett executives ,  the designers skimped on quality .     For one thing ,  the higher-priced shirts in the  line  didn ' t look much different from their less-expensive counterparts ,  says Harold Streitman ,  Cluett ' s new design director for sportswear .  
 And managers are on the lookout for niche markets .     An example: Cluett is talking about developing for the first time a  line  of shirts to be sold only in California and Florida .  
 But many doubt it can beat out four Japanese rivals ,  who control the market .         Moreover ,  since Mr .  McGovern took over ,  the company has cranked out hundreds of new products and  line  extensions to cut its reliance on soup ,  which provides 30% of sales .     But some like Fresh Chef ,  a line of refrigerated products ,  have been costly flops .  
   Tandy Corp .  ,  Fort Worth ,  Texas ,  introduced four computers that beef up its personal computer  line  .  
 The new 4000 LX uses a faster version of the chip and will sell for $3 , 999 ,  the company said .     Tandy also added a new computer using the 80286 microchip to its  line  .  
 Toto ,  however ,  is going to give it a try .     The company doesn ' t have much to show for its 20-year presence in the U . S .  ,  so it thinks a product that sets its  line  off from the run-of-the-mill porcelain fixture might be the key to success .  
 Sales ,  which plummeted to $8 million last year from nearly $35 million in 1984 ,  are expected to hit $12 million this year and more than $20 million in 1989 .         Less than a year ago ,  Mr .  Kramer was importing about 60% of his  line  to survive and bracing for the end .  
 The Indianapolis company was formed last fall after Ransburg Corp .  decided to pull the plug on its loss-ridden industrial robot business .         Two entrepreneurs acquired a  line  of Ransburg ' s welding robots .  
   MiniScribe Corp .  said it reached an agreement calling for ComputerLand Corp .  to carry a  line  of MiniScribe ' s hard disk drives in its retail stores .  
 Sales rose to $135 . 8 million from $63 . 2 million .         AST cited its growing personal-computer  lines  .  
 The company cited higher unit sales growth in most product  lines  ,  particularly in international markets; a weaker dollar ,  and inclusion of the results of Alkaril Chemicals Ltd .  ,  which GAF acquired in the fourth quarter of 1987 .         Earnings from building-materials lines fell 13% to $9 . 1 million ,  though sales rose 17% to $119 . 5 million .  
 Development of sophisticated computer data bases is fueling telemarketing ' s growth ,  says the Conference Board ' s Earl Bailey .         BRIEFS: A  line  of shoes for pregnant women from Thorpe Shoe is called  " O . B .  
 The company bought back 21 million common shares in a  " Dutch auction ,  "  and had 239 . 1 million shares outstanding as of June 30 ,  compared with 250 . 9 million a year ago .         Operating profit in RJR ' s food business climbed 14% ,  to $271 million from $238 million ,  sparked by strong volume gains in the Nabisco Brands cookie and cracker  lines  and in some of the specialty products of its grocery business .  
   American Brands Inc .  ,  Old Greenwich ,  Conn .  ,  reported second-quarter earnings rose 44% as sales advanced 27% ,  citing the strength in its core tobacco and distilled-spirits  lines  .  
 Pfizer ,  New York ,  said sales rose 8 . 9% to $1 . 34 billion from $1 . 23 billion ,  reflecting gains in all five of its business segments .     Sales rose 9% for health-care  lines  ,  13% for agriculture ,  12% for consumer products ,  8% for materials science and 4% for specialty chemicals .  
 Last year ,  the nation ' s second-largest retailer hired Martha Stewart ,  an author of books on lavish cooking and entertaining ,  as a celebrity spokeswoman .     It is now developing an exclusive  line  of household merchandise that bears her name .  
 It is now developing an exclusive  line  of household merchandise that bears her name .         Chicago-based Sears ,  Roebuck & Co .  ,  meanwhile ,  is selling a line of McKids clothing under a licensing arrangement with McDonald ' s Corp .  and is developing other children ' s products under a similar agreement with Walt Disney Co .  
   A North Carolina auto dealer plans to use the Japanese-style  " house call "  method to sell Toyota Motor Corp .  ' s new  line  of luxury cars in the U . S .  
 A North Carolina auto dealer plans to use the Japanese-style  " house call "  method to sell Toyota Motor Corp .  ' s new  line  of luxury cars in the U . S .         Rick Hendrick III ,  who runs one of the nation ' s largest multifranchise  " megadealerships "  out of Charlotte ,  N . C .  ,  said he plans to sell Toyota ' s new Lexus line of upscale cars by using the sales technique in some North and South Carolina markets .  
   Warner-Lambert Co .  ,  Morris Plains ,  N . J .  ,  said second-quarter net income grew 13% ,  reflecting continued strength in its  lines  of prescription and over-the-counter pharmaceuticals ,  gums and mints .  
   Storage Technology Corp .  said it unveiled a new  line  of impact printers capable of printing between 2 , 100 and 5 , 000 lines a minute .  
 Mr .  Kobayashi says he hasn ' t had a vacation in 20 years .         The major companies contract out their less-profitable and specialty  lines  to such  " pappa-mamma "  factories ,  which contitute more than half the industry .  
 Hitachi says it already loses money making appliances ,  and the whole industry  " is very exposed ,  "  says Yutaka Sugiyama ,  a Nomura Research analyst .         Battling the imports invasion ,  Japanese companies are moving quickly into high-tech ,  high-value-added  lines  .  
   Home Shopping Network Inc .  said its HSN Health Care Services Inc .  unit has signed an agreement with Spiegel Inc .  to jointly market a  line  of vitamins ,  minerals and other health-care products .  
 Industrial chemical profit rose 6% to $14 . 2 million from $13 . 3 million ,  while agricultural chemical profit more than doubled to $9 . 4 million from $4 . 5 million .         Plastics profit remained flat because of the sale of the Kydex rigid-sheet plastics  line  last year .  
 Now the makers of Beretta ,  the gun ,  are suing the maker of Beretta ,  the hot-selling car ,  for $250 million in damages in a trademark infringement suit filed yesterday in federal court in Manhattan .         Fabbrica d ' Armi P .  Beretta S . p . A .  said yesterday that GM ' s use of the Beretta name on a  line  of compact cars  " is an affront not only to the Beretta corporation ,  but also to the Beretta family .  "  
 Analysts said the tests appear to be the most rigorous competitive tests yet run .     However ,  they noted that IBM has recently introduced a  line  of midrange computers ,  the AS/400 ,  for which Digital extrapolated performance instead of measuring actual machines .  
 BOC Group PLC agreed to buy the Vacuum Products division of Varian Associates Inc .  for $65 . 8 million .         The Windlesham ,  England ,  maker of industrial gases and health-care products said it will integrate Varian ' s Vacuum Products  line  into BOC ' s Edwards High Vacuum International unit ,  based in London .  
   General Motors Corp .  said it will lay off indefinitely 800 employees at its Doraville ,  Ga .  ,  assembly plant -- a further indication of slow sales of an important  line  of new mid-size cars .  
 However ,  the case has been clouded recently because Kodak is seeking to stay the infringement ruling on the ground that the judge had a potential financial interest in the outcome .         Polaroid ' s entry into the conventional-film business will put it into competition with Kodak in a major photography market for the first time since Kodak dropped its instant camera  line  as a result of the patent decision .  
   Daniel Bricklin ,  who as the co-author of the VisiCalc software program helped launch the personal computer ,  said he is selling off his latest software  line  rather than building another company .  
 The payoffs from this level of investment were obvious last year with Attack -- an  " enzymatic ,  "  concentrated laundry detergent that took Japan by storm ,  coming out of nowhere to give Kao a 40 . 5% share of Japan ' s detergent market ,  up 7 . 1 percentage points from the year before .         The focus on R&D is similarly trumpeted with Kao ' s Biore  line  of skin ceams and its Sofina cosmetics ,  both of which are expected to be broadly marketed in the U . S .  eventually .  
 Whether or not Kao ' s products actually represent scientific breakthroughs ,  the company has been able to successfully market them in Japan by sheer weight of advertising dollars .     According to Tokyo-based Dentsu Inc .  ,  the world ' s biggest ad agency ,  Kao spent 35 . 4 billion yen on advertising in its last fiscal year ,  putting it ahead of Toyota Motor Corp .  ,  Nissan Motor Co .  ,  Honda Motor Co .  and Lion Corp .  ,  Kao ' s major competitor in some  lines  .  
 Byte magazine posed that question to 5 , 000 attendees of a recent trade show .     The top vote-getter ,  with 32%: OS/2 ,  the system inside International Business Machines Corp .  ' s new  line  of personal computers .     But DOS ,  the system inside IBM ' s previous line ,  trailed close behind with 30% ,  suggesting a big chunk of the industry is still resisting IBM ' s push for OS/2 .  
 Such a reaction would be avoided ,  however ,  if only the donor ' s stem cells were transplanted .     The stem cells wouldn ' t attack the recipient ' s tissues but ,  instead ,  would migrate to various parts of the recipient ' s body and churn out a complete  line  of progeny blood cells that would be compatible with the recipient ' s body .  
 The range of specialized services now includes rack-and-pinon steering system maintenance ,  truck and van wheel alignment ,  fuel injection cleaning and suspension system repairs .         To supplement its inexpensive ,  private-label  line  of Cornell tires and to attract upscale customers ,  the company now stocks such brands as Bridgestone ,  Goodyear and Goodrich .     In addition ,  Pep Boys is carrying Raybestos ,  a more expensive brand of brakes ,  and a line of lifetime-warranty parts called True Blue .  
   Nissan Motor Corp .  U . S . A .  chose Hill ,  Holliday ,  Connors ,  Cosmopulos Inc .  Friday to create advertising for its new Infiniti  line  of luxury cars that are scheduled for introduction in 1989 .  
 The agency also  " picked the brains "  of several journalists who write about cars ,  and conducted focus groups in four different markets to explore consumer feelings about the import market ,  the spokesman said .         Nissan ' s Infiniti  line  will be another entrant in the increasingly crowded luxury-car market .  
 Carter-Wallace ' s share amounts to over 50% of the total market .         When Carter-Wallace ,  a maker of pharmaceuticals ,  toiletries and cosmetics ,  acquired the Trojan  line  from Youngs Drug Products Corp .  back in 1985 ,  condom sales were in the doldrums .  
 Britain ' s plan to eliminate all glass containers from retail stores by 1989 is spurring demand for European plastic beverage containers ,  a market in which Lawson Mardon has a 42% share .     Mr .  Tapp said the rigid plastics group should continue to benefit from growing demand for its PET  line  of plastic containers ,  made from polyethylene terephthalate ,  which had sales of C$49 million last year .  
 In 1987 ,  the group had operating income of C$20 . 7 million on sales of C$224 million .         Mr .  Tapp said the group is emphasizing specialized products ,  such as its Cardene  line  of folding cartons ,  which combine plastic and cardboard materials .  
 Eight of the Farm Credit System ' s 12 regional banks for cooperatives voted to merge into a single national bank with $9 . 3 billion in assets .         The new consolidated bank ,  which will begin operations Jan .  1 in Denver ,  will be authorized to provide a full  line  of financial services to agricultural cooperatives and rural utilities anywhere in the U . S .  
 The company said the shortage hasn ' t interrupted shipments of existing products .     As previously reported ,  however ,  Hewlett-Packard has delayed since March introduction of a new model of its Vectra  line  of office personal computers ,   " solely because we knew we wouldn ' t be able to get sufficient chips to produce it .  "  
 Buick has offered option-package discounts on the third GM-10 model ,  the Regal ,  for the past four months .         The incentives to spur sales of those new midsized cars ,  considered crucial to GM ' s turnaround in sales ,  come as the No .  1 auto maker is fine-tuning incentives across its model  line  to balance expected demand with production plans for the rest of the model year .  
 Apparently ,  the only other rebate that matches Yugo ' s in scale is Audi of America Inc .  ' s $4 , 000 rebate on its $22 , 180 Audi 5000 models .     That is an acknowledged fire-sale for a model scarred by allegations of unintended acceleration ,  and the company ,  a unit of Volkswagen AG ,  is discontinuing that  line  .  
  " We ' re so broadly based across the economy that we just reflect what ' s happening ,  "  Mr .  Frankel said .         Aceto ' s  line  of chemicals used in dyes and pigments have done  " particularly well this year ,  "  Mr .  Frankel said ,  because of the strong demand for color inks used in magazines and newspapers .  
 He said the move was made possible by technological changes that allow for more automation of manufacturing and caused a shrinkage in the size of the products being manufactured .         As part of the consolidation ,  IBM will phase out its personal-computer manufacturing operations in Boca Raton ,  Fla .  ,  over the next 12 months and move them to Raleigh ,  N . C .  ,  where the low-end models of IBM ' s  line  are now produced .  
 Hill Holliday will be propelled even further up in the ranks of U . S .  ad agencies if it wins the $60 million account of Los Angeles-based Nissan Motor Corp .  U . S . A .  ' s Infiniti division .     Winning would also take the sting from the agency ' s failure in May to capture General Motors Corp .  ' s $100 million account for its new Saturn  line  .  
 Mr .  Naples said he expects  " pockets of strengths and weaknesses "  to continue in the business during the remaining six months .     He said the growth rate in budget furniture has slowed since last year ,  while this year ' s growth rate in the X-Acto  line  is stronger .  
 He said the company is  " very interested "  in adding Apple Macintosh computer products to its lineup eventually ,  but no talks with the manufacturer about such an arrangement are currently under way .     In addition ,  offering a  line  of copier machines and facsimile equipment  " would make sense ,  "  he said .  
 Its consumer foods group reported a 5 . 8% sales gain ,  to $3 . 56 billion ,  and pre-charge earnings of $280 . 5 million ,  a 6% increase .     But for the fourth quarter ,  operating profit declined 2% to $51 . 2 million ,  largely because of continued weakness in frozen pizza and seafood and hefty introductory costs for a  line  of Green Giant frozen vegetable products .  
  " I ' m not sure you want to freshen your breath with the same stuff you use to freshen your refrigerator .  "         But Church & Dwight believes  line  extensions like the toothpaste are critical to Arm & Hammer ' s growth .  
 Church & Dwight executives disagree with Mr .  Trout ' s assessment .     In fact ,  the company plans more personal-care products that ,  like the dental-care  line  ,  will carry the Arm & Hammer name .  
 In a number of them ,  says Ms .  Bluhm ,   " the writing isn ' t very good ,  the color isn ' t good ,  the pictures are low budget ,  they have a poor plot -- a formula kind of thing .  "     Still ,  parents buy some 30 million copies of the classic Little Golden  line  every year .  
 The suits were filed in Los Angeles by Sable Communications of California Inc .  ,  a unit of Carlin Communications Inc .  ,  and in New York by a group named the Consenting Adults Telephone Rights Association .         MARKETING: Eastman Kodak Co .  ' s Verbatim Corp .  introduced a  line  of color computer diskettes ,  double-sided and double-density ,  to help organize files .  
 Mr .  Ross says manufacturers haven ' t changed their rule of thumb of holding defective garments to less than 1% of the total produced ,  and he says they are still largely meeting that goal .         Complaining about a decline in quality has long been a favorite consumer pastime ,  but customers are becoming particularly vocal these days about poor workmanship in higher-priced  lines  ,  says Paul D .  Campbell ,  a market researcher in Minneapolis who tracks consumers '  attitudes for retailers .  
 World-wide manufacturing compounds the problem .     Clothing from the same  line  often is produced in several countries ,  making it difficult for apparel companies to offer goods of consistent quality .  
 DMI Furniture Inc .  said it reopened an assembly facility in Huntingburg ,  Ind .  ,  that had been idle since 1980 .         The 17 , 000-square-foot plant ,  which began production June 1 ,  will assemble and finish wooden chairs for the company ' s residential desk  line  .  
   IBM introduced a  line  of midrange computers in a high-stakes effort to regain its dominance in that market .  
 But he says analysts and others  " tend to overlook the fact "  that more exercise-conscious older people are beginning to buy sportswear .         For Champion ,  the challenge was convincing retailers that its sportswear  line  could compete with the likes of Ocean Pacific ,  Nike and Adidas .  
 Mr .  Holland expects the momentum to continue .     The company has added a  line  of athletic shoes .  
   International Business Machines Corp .  introduced a new  line  of midrange computers in a high-stakes bid to regain the dominance it once held in that market .  
 International Data Corp .  ,  a market research firm in Framingham ,  Mass .  ,  says IBM ' s share of the $16 billion market fell to 27 . 6% world-wide in 1987 from 29% in 1983 ,  while the share captured by archrival Digital Equipment Corp .  ' s Vaxes rose to 21 . 6% from 13 . 5% .     And IBM ' s 9370 minicomputer  line  ,  its initial attempt to regain dominance ,  has failed to become the  " Vax killer "  that IBM proclaimed at its introduction more than 1 1/2 years ago .  
 And IBM ' s 9370 minicomputer  line  ,  its initial attempt to regain dominance ,  has failed to become the  " Vax killer "  that IBM proclaimed at its introduction more than 1 1/2 years ago .         Because of the stakes ,  IBM ' s introduction is the biggest the computer industry has seen in the 14 months since IBM brought out its PS/2 personal-computer line -- and some say it ' s the biggest announcement since IBM introduced its original PC in 1981 .  
 IBM underscored the significance by bringing together 170 , 000 people yesterday to hear the news at more than 200 locations around the world .         The new IBM  line  (code-named Silverlake in recent months but now called the Application System/400) merges the IBM System 36 and System 38 machines .     Doing so removes the incompatibilities between two of the three major minicomputer lines that IBM sells and gives IBM some relief from Digital ' s relentless focus on its own freedom from compatibility problems .  
 The operation was in place in case IBM ended up being forced to sell off part of its business .         The System 38 ,  in particular ,  was orphaned by IBM ,  drawing little support from the company even though its design was thought to be so sophisticated that IBM once considered using it to build a  line  of mainframes that would supersede those now on the market .  
 A definitive pact and closing of the transaction are scheduled for June 30 .         Mt .  Vernon ,  with annual sales of about $20 million ,  offers a  line  of more than 700 products that includes injection-molded plastic overcaps for canned coffee ,  margarine tubs ,  canned nuts and tennis ball cans .  
 By 1985 ,  however ,  all but two American chip makers had to abandon the DRAM market .     Large ,  vertically integrated Japanese firms ,  able to subsidize memory-chip sales with profits from other lucrative  lines  ,  made it impossible for most American companies to survive in this business .  
 He said the Dow Jones industrials are likely to reach the 2400 level during the summer months as the market receives a boost from second-quarter earnings reports ,  which he expects to be strong .         International Business Machines ,  which jumped 3 1/8 points Tuesday after its introduction of the Silverlake  line  of mid-range computers ,  surged another 2 3/4 to 123 .  
 Honeywell said its second-quarter earnings will be below the $53 million ,  or $1 . 21 a share ,  of a year ago because of a $23 million charge for cost overruns and writedowns in its military avionics group .     Hewlett-Packard told Dow Jones Professional Investor Report that it couldn ' t explain the drop ,  but analysts said it may have reflected concerns that the Silverlake computers will cut into sales of the company ' s Spectrum  line  .  
 Texaco rose 1 5/8 to 48 1/2 and topped the Big Board ' s list of most active issues on composite volume of about four million shares .         International Business Machines ,  which introduced its Silverlake  line  of mid-range computers as expected ,  jumped 3 1/8 to 120 1/4 and was among a number of technology issues that paced the market ' s advance .  
 Federal regulations require that so-called passive restraints -- air bags or automatic seat belts -- be standard for the driver side in all cars by 1990 .     Chrysler Corp .  already offers six car  lines  with standard driver-side air bags and Yugo America Inc .  has said it has chosen to make driver-side air bags standard on its 1990 models .  
 Compaq Computer Corp .  officials said the company plans to unveil today a group of machines it hopes will give a big boost to the most advanced generation of personal computers by bringing their price down .         As expected ,  the three models in the computer company ' s new 386S  line  use a microchip that Intel Corp .  introduced just last week .  
 Expert Westerners say Russian refrigerators use too much power ,  weigh too much and make too much noise .     Consumers clamor for them ,  as they do for the extensive Soviet  line  of fully unautomatic cameras .  
   MARKETING: Bausch & Lomb Inc .  ,  Rochester ,  N . Y .  ,  signed a letter of intent with Donna Karan Studio under which the eyeware products company will make ,  market and distribute a  line  of sunglasses by the New York designer .  
 Pennwalt ' s pharmaceutical unit makes such over-the-counter brands as Desenex athlete ' s foot medication and Allerest allergy medicine .     Its prescription drugs include Microx ,  a rapidly growing anti-hypertensive ,  and a  line  of cough remedies .  
 In a memo dated May 2 ,  Joseph Tate ,  Audi ' s general sales manager ,  told the company ' s dealers that the program  " is designed to present attractive purchase alternatives "  to coupon holders  " who discover that the new 80 and 90 series vehicles may be a better solution to their driving needs .  "         He further elaborated on the program ' s aims in the May issue of the company ' s newsletter:  " Hopefully we can send some of the excess (Audi) 5000 customers toward the 80 and 90  line  .  
 Audi blames the reversal on the negative publicity surrounding the series 5000 ' s alleged problems with sudden acceleration .     It affected not only that car ,  but every other car in the company ' s  line  .  
 Kodak asked that Judge Zobel now withdraw from the case and that all of her orders since 1981 be vacated .         Judge Zobel ruled in 1985 that Kodak ' s since-discontinued  line  of cameras infringed on seven Polaroid patents ,  and Kodak ' s appeals failed .  
 Lee Thompson ,  Beech-Nut ' s vice president ,  human resources ,  said the company has spent at least $10 million since 1983 to improve quality control .     He also said it has changed the baby food  line  and  " upgraded all procedures .  "  
 The 386SX models ,  observers think ,  may start at about $3 , 000 ,  but it couldn ' t be determined what Compaq ' s pricing will be on its machines .         Stewart Alsop ,  publisher of PC Letter ,  an industry newsletter ,  said the advanced-software and technical advantages of the 386SX machines would ultimately make 286 computers ,  such as the IBM PC AT and the Model 50 in IBM ' s new PS/2  line  ,   " pretty much obsolete .  "  
  " Today ,  because the competition is so tough ,  you don ' t simply say:  ' Hey I got a new car '  and immediately get all kinds of people in the showroom ,  "  says Lloyd E .  Reuss ,  GM ' s executive vice president for North American automotive operations .         Indeed ,  Chrysler Corp .  also has had problems with new products ,  most notably its new Eagle Premier  line  inherited from American Motors Corp .  Slow sales will force it to close for two weeks in June the Bramalea ,  Ontario ,  plant that makes those cars .  
 Other players include Revlon Inc .  ,  Johnson & Johnson ,  Alberto-Culver Co .  ,  Gillette Co .  and Dow Chemical Co .  ' s Lamaur unit .          " They did a pretty good job of holding share last year ,  "  Ms .  Temple said of the Finesse  lines  .  
  " If they hold their share (this year) ,  I will be pleased .  "         The Finesse promotion follows last year ' s successful introduction of the company ' s Helene Curtis Salon Selectives  lines  ,  with an advertising and promotional budget of about $40 million .  
 Hyponex Corp .  said it agreed to be acquired by a unit controlled by O . M .  Scott & Sons Co .  for $14 a share ,  or a total of about $72 . 8 million .         Both companies are lawn-care products concerns ,  but Hyponex would give Scott ,  of Marysville ,  Ohio ,  more of a presence in gardening  lines  .  
 No more big workforce cutbacks are planned ,  he said .         Cincinnati Bell hopes to stimulate revenue growth for telephone operations by offering more services and introducing a new  line  of leased telephone equipment ,  Mr .  Hibbard said in an interview .  
 Most frequently mentioned are electronics giants Samsung of South Korea ,  N . V .  Philips of the Netherlands ,  and Thomson S . A .  of France .     Thomson last year acquired the consumer-electronics business of General Electric Co .  ,  including its RCA  lines  ,  leaving Zenith as the U . S . -based maker of televisions .  
   Thomas J .  Lipton Inc .  ,  an Englewood Cliffs ,  N . J . -based unit of the Anglo-Dutch Unilever Group ,  agreed to acquire McCormick & Co .  ' s Tio Sancho  line  of Mexican food .  
 Neither company could be reached to provide sales figures for Tio Sancho .         McCormick said in May it abandoned a proposal to acquire the Spice Islands  line  of spices ,  herbs and vinegars from United Biscuits PLC .  
 The chip shortage has also caused delays in computer shipments and production .     A spokesman for Palo Alto ,  Calif . -based Hewlett-Packard Co .  said the company has delayed since March the introduction of one of its Vectra  line  of office personal computers  " solely because we knew we wouldn ' t be able to get sufficient chips to produce it .  "  
 While the Palo Alto ,  Calif . -based company had expected the supply to be looser by now ,  Mr .  Young said ,  it hasn ' t ,  and the company can ' t predict when the situation might improve .     He noted that the shortage ,  had pushed back introduction of a new model in its Vectra personal computer  line  to at least July from the March unveiling originally planned .  
 American Brands Inc .  will sell E-II Holding Inc .  to closely held Riklis Family Corp .  ,  in a transaction that enables the company to shed most of E-II ' s businesses and all of E-II ' s $1 . 5 billion in high-yield debt .         American Brands '  move -- a complex agreement which will sell E-II ' s Samsonite luggage and Culligan water treatment  lines  ,  among others -- was praised by Wall Street analysts .  
 What ' s more ,  cosmetics industry executives say ad spending for men ' s colognes rose 36% last year to $97 million and should grow further in 1988 .          " We see the competition continuing to intensify with more new products and extensions of existing fragrance  lines  later this year ,  "  says Byron Donics ,  president of the Aramis division of Estee Lauder Inc .  
 The fanfare will be big because Silverlake ' s market is potentially huge .     The machine will be a new model in IBM ' s unglamorous but sturdy 3X  line  ,  with 275 , 000 current customers making the line one of the best-selling computer families ever outside the PC world .  
 Keystone Camera Products Corp .  said it granted to Mitsubishi International Corp .  the rights to distribute Keystone ' s 35mm cameras in Japan .         Mitsubishi International ,  a unit of Tokyo-based Mitsubishi Corp .  ,  will sell the full  line  of Keystone cameras ,  including the Le Clic and Regency models .  
 High-performance tires ,  which provide better handling than standard tires ,  have been increasing their market penetration in recent years .     Goodyear ,  with its Eagle  line  ,  has a commanding lead in the high-performance market .  
   Nynex agreed to buy professional services and software  lines  from AGS Computers for about $275 million .  
 The Cricket commercial ,  which CARU cited as being misleading ,  is typical of the group ' s targets .         In another case ,  a series of independent-TV ads for Sylvanian Families ,  a  line  of small animal figures made by Coleco Industries Inc . /Tomy Corp .  ,  used stop-action animation to make the figures walk ,  jump and pick up furniture .  
 Jim Perkins was named senior vice president of the Lexus division of this unit of Toyota Motor Corp .  of Japan .     In the newly created position ,  Mr .  Perkins will be responsible for all activities in the Lexus division ,  which is scheduled to begin selling a new  line  of luxury cars in the U . S .  next fall .  
   International Business Machines Corp .  said its Personal System/2  line  of personal computers appears to be selling the best in Europe .  
 International Business Machines Corp .  said its Personal System/2  line  of personal computers appears to be selling the best in Europe .         John Akers ,  chairman of the giant maker of office machines ,  said at a news conference here that Europe now is  " probably the strongest market "  for the PS/2 line .     He noted that the U . S .  market has been constrained by supply problems ,  but said the outlook for the PS/2 line  " is shaping up very well "  this year .  
 According to analysts ,  sales of PS/2 got off to a rocky start but have risen lately -- especially in Europe .     IBM wants to establish the  line  as the new standard in personal computing in Europe .     It introduced the line in April 1987 and has said it shipped nearly two million units by its first anniversary .  
 It is also necessary to evaluate the major sales incentives that have become so prevalent in the marketplace .         For example ,  substantial discounts are available on many GM car  lines  when options are purchased in a pre-specified  " package ,  "  which is designed to include the items most people would order separately .  
 On a 1988 Chevrolet Cavalier ,  a package of popular options costing the customer $1 , 477 when purchased separately is discounted by $675 when ordered as a complete package .     In addition ,  the competitive marketplace has frequently required the use of cash rebates or low-interest-rate financing on many car  lines  .  
 The  lines  last year generated sales of $77 million ,  and the divisions purchased by SLM accounted for about $35 million of that total .     Coleco ' s tricycle lines are among the products not included in the purchase ,  SLM said .  
 Closely held SLM is controlled by Canadian interests .     William Fedyski ,  president ,  said the  lines  acquired from Coleco would complement SLM ' s current line of plastic outdoor seasonal products .  
 Of course ,  the couture collections presented at splashy Seventh Avenue shows in New York do originate from famous designers '  sketchpads .     But most designers also have second-string and third-string  lines  designed mainly by assistants or licensees and often are no more fashionable and no better in quality than ordinary brands .  
 Limited ' s own Forenza brand is now the second-best-selling women ' s label in the U . S .  ,  after Liz Claiborne .         But many retailers that long sold store brands primarily as the bottom end of their clothing  lines  now are offering a much broader range of private-label apparel .  
 Dallas-based Neiman-Marcus is increasing its use of private-label goods ,  partly to replace apparel by Liz Claiborne and Evan Picone ,  whose brands were dropped last year because the chain felt they were overexposed .     One of Neiman-Marcus ' s best sellers last winter was a  line  of private-label cashmere sweaters priced from $150 to $250 .  
 Coleco didn ' t say how much extended financing it had received .         The toy company also said it has received offers for the sale of its outdoor products  line  ,  which includes children ' s pools and tricycles .  
 These include slow U . S .  sales and huge inventory backlogs partially attributed to a product that hasn ' t changed in two years and an expensive advertising campaign .     To boost sales ,  the company plans to introduce new models this fall and a new  line  of cars ,  called Infinity ,  in September 1989 .  
 The roster of decorators who have signed licensing contracts with furniture makers reads like the table of contents from Architectural Digest: Mark Hampton ,  Mario Buatta ,  Jay Spectre and Juan Montoya ,  as well as fashion designer Ralph Lauren ,  whose clothing ads feature upper-crust Victorian interiors .         Furniture makers are hoping that decorator  lines  will give a kick to what is essentially a stagnant market .  
 Typically ,  industry executives say ,  most people wait seven to 10 years to replace a sofa ,  and they hang onto a bedroom set for at least 16 years .         The designer  lines  ,  of course ,  have no single look ,  but rather reflect the styles of the decorators ,  ranging from 18th and 19th century reproductions to sleek ,  modern furnishings .  
 The designer  lines  ,  of course ,  have no single look ,  but rather reflect the styles of the decorators ,  ranging from 18th and 19th century reproductions to sleek ,  modern furnishings .         Century Furniture Co .  is typical of the traditional furniture makers that have introduced decorator lines .  
 He declined to provide more-specific figures .         Mr .  Hopkins says the Lauren  line  gives Frederick Edwards ,  based in Morgantown ,  N . C .  ,  a firm footing in the high end of the furniture market .  
  " It was a questionable marriage from the start because Kroehler did lower-end goods and lacked credibility in the upper end ,  "  says Jerry Epperson ,  an analyst with Wheat First Securities in Richmond ,  Va .     And a  line  of chairs by the ubiquitous French fashion designer Pierre Cardin was ,  according to one big department store ,   " plain horrible ,  a mistake that didn ' t sell at all .  "  
 He acknowledged that some shortages of memory chips could persist into the third quarter if demand outstrips IBM ' s expectations but added that ,   " We feel extremely confident about the fourth quarter .  "         That advantage will be especially useful to IBM because high-end machines require extra memory ,  and demand has been weaker for IBM ' s high-end machines than for others in the  line  .  
 In composite New York Stock Exchange trading yesterday ,  IBM shares closed at $112 . 625 ,  off 50 cents .         As expected ,  IBM also announced yesterday several products that fill in its personal-computer  line  .  
   Avon Products Inc .  expects to report about flat second-quarter operating earnings ,  and it maintains its estimate of $2 . 30 a share from continuing  lines  for the full year .  
 FCB/Leber is a unit of Foote ,  Cone & Belding Communications Inc .         LICENSING: Colonia Inc .  received a world-wide licensing agreement from Knoll International Holdings Inc .  ,  parent of the 21 Club ,  to produce a  line  of men ' s fragrances named after the New York restaurant .     The line ,  to be introduced in the U . S .  in 1989 ,  marks the first time the restaurant has licensed the use of its name .  
 His willingness to try different approaches has proved both a strength and weakness for Unocal .     While Mr .  Hartley ' s interest in underground steam formations put the company into a profitable  line  ,  his unshakable belief that synthetic oil extraction from shale would one day prove a moneymaker has led the company to write off hundreds of millions of dollars and to operate a plant that is producing well below its designed capacity .  
 Yugos ,  subcompact cars imported from Yugoslavia ,  carry a base sticker price of $4 , 299 -- the lowest sticker price of any car in the U . S .         Chrysler Corp .  announced last month that it started putting driver-side air bags as standard equipment in six of its car  lines  ,  making it the first Big Three auto maker to do so .  
 The industry executives said the Armonk ,  N . Y .  ,  computer giant will introduce three versions of what it will call the Personal System/2 Model 70 ,  a high-end machine that will use the Intel Corp .  80386 central processor .     The versions resemble the Model 80 ,  currently the high end of the IBM  line  ,  except that they will sit on the desktop rather than on the floor in what is known as a tower configuration .  
 In addition ,  IBM will introduce a version of its Model 50 that will have a faster hard disk .     The Model 50 ,  in the middle of IBM ' s  line  ,  had drawn considerable criticism in the trade press for the slowness with which it retrieved information from the hard disk .  
 The executives also said IBM will cut prices on some existing models to make room for the new ones ,  though they weren ' t sure just how large the cuts would be or which models they would cover .     Tim Bajarin ,  a consultant with Creative Strategies Research International ,  Santa Clara ,  Calif .  ,  speculated that they would cover at least the Models 25 and 30 ,  at the low end of the  line  ,  and the Model 60 ,  in the middle of the line .  
 At the same time ,  IBM seems to have postponed the announcement of some products it was planning to bring out today .         In particular ,  IBM had been widely expected to bring out laptops using the muscular 80386 chip and the less powerful 80286 ,  which is used in the middle of IBM ' s PS/2  line  .  
 The progenitor of the breed was Nike Inc .  ' s Air Revolution shoe ,  introduced last year with television ads set to the Beatles '   " Revolution "  and print ads promising improved performance .     Several rivals have been introduced recently ,  or will be soon ,  including the Energy Wave shoe from Converse Inc .  ,  a unit of Interco Inc . ; the World Trainer shoe ,  with an  " Energy Return System ,  "  from Reebok; and a  line  of shoes from Etonic Inc .  using a  " Dynamic Reaction Plate .  "  
 Oleg Cassini was awarded $16 million by a federal court jury in a legal squabble over a contract with perfume maker Jovan Inc .         The 75-year-old fashion designer claimed that Jovan breached a 1978 contract for a fragrance  line  marketed under the designer ' s name .  
 Walter M .  Doyle ,  50 years old ,  resigned as chairman ,  president and chief executive officer ,  and Norman Jennings ,  40 ,  quit as a director and senior vice president of Laser ,  and general manager of Analect Instrument Division ,  the unit .     Donald Sypek ,  51 ,  resigned as a director and senior vice president of the parent ,  but will remain with Laser Precision as manager of its Radiometric Products  line  .  
   Great Atlantic & Pacific Tea Co .  is introducing a  line  of fancy private-label foodstuffs in a far-reaching attempt to capitalize on growing demand for gourmet products .  
 Great Atlantic & Pacific Tea Co .  is introducing a  line  of fancy private-label foodstuffs in a far-reaching attempt to capitalize on growing demand for gourmet products .         The line ,  called Master Choice ,  also represents an effort to fill what A&P ,  of Montvale ,  N . J .  ,  perceives as a void between mass-market national brands and elitist brands .  
 Within the next six months ,  shoppers will find the Master Choice name on teas ,  pastas ,  sauces and salad dressings .     A&P ,  which had $9 . 6 billion in sales last year ,  envisions ultimately a  line  of more than 100 products in about two dozen categories ,  Mr .  Rourke says .  
 Competitors speculate that the nation ' s fourth-largest supermarket concern will have to spend a substantial amount to develop premium products that then will end up selling in relatively low volumes .     Moreover ,  the extensive  line  could hog valuable shelf space that would otherwise be devoted to more-popular items .  
 As part of a turnaround strategy in the early 1980s ,  A&P slashed its dependence on private label to 18% of its dry-grocery product mix from a peak of 35% .     The company now wants to use Master Choice to bolster its private-label  line  back up to 25% ,  a typical level for chains nowadays .  
 Bloom ,  a unit of Bloom Companies Inc .  ,  will create advertising for Baby Fresh and Wash A-Bye Baby wet wipes; Sofkins ,  a flushable cleansing wipe; Cottonelle Toilet Paper ,  and Helping Hand and Job Squad paper towels .         Weightman ,  a unit of Weightman Group ,  will create ads for ScotTowels; ScotTissues; Scotties ,  another tissue; Scott Family Napkins ,  and Viva designer collections ,  a  line  of tabletop items including paper napkins and placemats .  
 A few years ago ,  the laptop was simply called Z171 .     The latest models ,  introduced with a  " Road Warriors "  theme in April ,  are in a  line  dubbed SupersPort .  
  " My ambition for Japan is that we should sell about 25 , 000 Volvo cars in the middle of the 1990s ,  "  he said .     Fuji President Toshihiro Tajima said ,   " Volvo cars will enable us to meet today ' s broad customer needs by adding a new model  line  in the upper segment where we currently do not offer any products .  "  
 South Africans are loosening or terminating their U . S .  business connections far faster than the legal environment warrants .     Two years ago ,  the idea of  " countersanctions "  -- predatory and discriminatory pricing against American buyers in  lines  where South African producers combined could exert some monopolistic power -- was dismissed out of hand by the South African business elite .  
   Chips & Technologies Inc .  said International Business Machines Corp .  agreed not to require the microcomputer chip maker to take out licenses of IBM patents and technology for its chip sets used in clones of IBM ' s  line  of personal computers .  
 Disney ,  a theme-park ,  movie and TV concern ,  bought Childcraft from Hachette S . A .  ,  a French publisher that earlier acquired Childcraft ' s parent ,  Grolier Inc .  Childcraft ,  Edison ,  N . J .  ,  sells educational toys ,  play equipment and classroom furniture by mail .         ADVERTISING: Pepsi-Cola Co .  ,  a unit of Purchase ,  N . Y . -based PepsiCo Inc .  ,  selected Lois Pitts Gershon/Pon/GGk ,  New York ,  to create advertising for its Mug Root Beer  line  ,  acquired two years ago .  
 Al Vlietstra ,  director of sales for the Coca-Cola Foods Canada Inc .  unit of Coca Cola Co .  ,  said he welcomes the competition that Tropicana will bring because its presence will probably develop the refrigerated juice market in Canada ,  where per capita consumption is substantially below the U . S .  level .         Coca-Cola ' s Minute Maid began marketing a refrigerated orange juice made from concentrate in Canada in 1985 ,  in addition to its frozen  line  of orange juice .  
 The case involves 83 of an estimated 14 , 000 designs made by Hallmark ,  the industry giant .     Two years ago ,  Blue Mountain Arts Inc .  of Boulder ,  Colo .  ,  sued Hallmark for trademark violations ,  contending that Hallmark ' s Personal Touch  line  of cards was too similar to its products .  
 Public ownership is an issue now in part because dealerships have changed so much in recent years .     In the 1950s ,  when the number of dealerships nationally was twice what it is today ,  dealers tied their fortunes to single franchises ,  pitching Chevys ,  Fords or Plymouths to the exclusion of other car  lines  .  
 On Friday ,  the company noted that its restructuring efforts over the past couple of years have strengthened its operating results .     Amax has sharply pared its long-term obligations and has focused its business on gold ,  aluminum and coal after shedding  lines  in silver ,  copper ,  nickel ,  iron ore and agricultural chemicals .  
   McCormick & Co .  said it would abandon its proposed $56 million acquisition of the Spice Islands  line  of spices ,  herbs and vinegars from a unit of United Biscuits PLC after the Federal Trade Commission authorized its staff to seek a preliminary injunction blocking the transaction .  
 In fact ,  despite the sharp price drop in Hewlett-Packard shares ,  on volume of about 2 . 3 million shares ,  most analysts said they don ' t expect to adjust their projections for the company ' s performance in future quarters .         Hewlett-Packard ,  which late in the quarter introduced nine new models of its Spectrum business computer  line  ,  said orders for those machines should pick up in coming quarters .  
   Chrysler Corp .  has started putting driver-side air bags as standard equipment in six of its car  lines  ,  making it the first Big Three auto maker to do so .  
 Sales plunged 41% to $73 . 7 million ,  from $124 . 5 million a year earlier .         The loss left the West Hartford ,  Conn .  ,  toy maker -- riding high just three years ago on the success of its Cabbage Patch Kids  line  -- with a negative net worth -- the difference between assets and liabilities -- of $130 . 7 million .  
 In its earnings announcement ,  which came after the stock market closed ,  Coleco said it will seek a buyer for several plastic outdoor product  lines  that are manufactured at its New York state facilities ,  including pools ,  snow products ,  children ' s furniture and tricycles .     These lines ,  which are among Coleco ' s older products ,  generated sales of $77 million last year ,  Coleco said .  
 Morton Handel ,  the new chairman and chief executive ,  said earlier this month the company might sell some assets to raise cash .     Analysts have said that the sale of  lines  could help the company pay off some of its debt .  
 BRIEFS: The U . S .  Chess Hall of Fame and Museum opens tomorrow in New Windsor ,  N . Y .   .   .   .     A new  line  of inflatable stereo speakers from Hyman Products Inc .  ,  St .  Louis ,  comes shaped like palm trees ,  guitars and juke boxes .  
 In 1986 ,  Hasbro earned $99 . 2 million ,  or $1 . 70 a share ,  on revenue of $1 . 34 billion .         Mr .  Hassenfeld said the Milton Bradley Games division and its Playskool  line  of toys will perform particularly well this year .  
 The move has shocked the clone makers ,  which had assumed that IBM ' s lack of objection had assured them of clear sailing ,  and could squeeze the more marginal clone companies .     The decision could also delay introduction of some clones of IBM ' s year-old PS/2  line  of personal computers .     In addition ,  the move reintroduces the prospect of messy litigation in the personal-computer market at a time when IBM ' s decision to license the patents for its PS/2 line had been quieting that talk .  
 The success of those small stores prompted big mass merchandisers to also carry more licensed sports goods .     And the development of  " authentics "  -- licensed duplicates of gear used by the pros -- resulted in an upscale  line  of licensed products appealing to affluent baby boomers .  
 Basketball junkies can slam dunk their dirty clothes through a hoop into an NBA hamper .     The NFL is considering a  line  of high-fashion evening wear .  
 IBM is demanding retroactive payments from clone makers for patents it says were used in the IBM-compatible personal computers .     The decision shocked clone makers and could delay some clones of IBM ' s PS/2  line  .  
   Slow sales are forcing Chrysler Corp .  to cut output of its Premier sedan ,  the flagship of its new Eagle car  line  .  
 A spokesman said the company was  " very pleased "  with the results .     In addition to continuing strong sales of the company ' s current  line  of dBASE database management software and MultiMate word-processing products ,  he cited an  " important contribution "  from the FullWrite Professional word-processing package .  
 FullWrite ,  designed for Apple Computer Inc .  ' s Macintosh machines ,  was introduced late in the first quarter .         Michele Preston ,  an analyst with Salomon Brothers ,  called the latest period  " a pretty good quarter for the company ,  "  considering it has indicated it plans to begin shipping this summer dBASE IV ,  a revamped version of the dBASE  line  .  
 Murjani International is teaming up with former president Warren Hirsch to relaunch Gloria Vanderbilt jeans ,  a now faded brand that was one of the big hits of the designer jeans craze of the late 1970s .         Hong Kong-based Murjani ,  a closely held apparel maker that markets Coca-Cola brand clothes and Tommy Hilfiger menswear ,  said the revamped  line  will be made by a joint venture run by Mr .  Hirsch .  
 Murjani licensed the Vanderbilt trademark to another women ' s apparel firm ,  Jones Apparel Group in 1985 ,  but took the brand back last March .     Murjani said Jones Apparel diluted the trademark by introducing an extensive  line  of women ' s sportswear and de-emphasizing jeans .  
 Actors dressed in raisin costumes marched in the Macy ' s Thanksgiving Day parade in New York ,  and a raisin conga  line  danced at the White House Christmas tree lighting ceremony ,  even upstaging a certain former actor .         There are 55 licensees for products based on the raisin characters (for which Mr .  Vinton does not hold the rights) ,  and kiddies from coast to coast are gobbling up various items of raisin-decorated garb ,  as well as collecting a line of plastic raisin figurines -- each raisin bearing a name to make it more personable ,  lovable ,  buyable .  
   International Business Machines Corp .  said it revamped its Wheelwriter  line  of typewriters ,  with the addition of five new machine models and the modification of three others .  
 International Business Machines Corp .  said it revamped its Wheelwriter  line  of typewriters ,  with the addition of five new machine models and the modification of three others .         IBM said the new machines ,  which are made in Lexington ,  Ky .  ,  replace and expand existing lines .  
 Rebates on Buick Electras ,  Le Sabres and Centuries all dropped to $500 from $750 .         Sales were strong across virtually all manufacturers '   lines  .  
   Techknits Inc .  said it signed an exclusive licensing agreement with Denton Mills Inc .  ,  New Albany ,  Miss .  ,  to make and market the Dr .  Denton  line  of sweaters for infants ,  toddlers and children .  
 Mr .  Wallace said the printer won ' t work with Apple Computer Inc .  ' s popular Macintosh computers ,  but will be tuned to do so sometime in the future .     Apple offers its own  line  of laser printers priced from about $3 , 000 to $7 , 000 ,  but offers nothing technologically comparable to the DeskJet .  
   CRS Sirrine Inc .  ,  an architectural and engineering concern ,  said it was chosen by General Motors Corp .  as one of three companies that will design dealership facilities for GM ' s new Saturn Corp .  car  line  .  
 Try a  . 25-caliber Beretta ,  strapped around the thigh in a black-lace garter holster .         The holster is part of a new  line  of wardrobe accessories created by designers who think packing a pistol ought to be done in style .  
  " Shooting is for all ,  "  says Lenny Handler ,  owner of the Fort Lauderdale ,  Fla .  ,  Bang Bang Boutique ,  among the largest gun-fashion retailers .     The store offers a wide  line  of color-coordinated holsters .  
 She added her own touch -- a special holster allowing the gun to be fired without removing it from the purse -- and has since sold hundreds .         Still ,  the new fashion  line  doesn ' t appeal to everyone .  
 C .  Olivetti & Co .  Mr .  Cassoni ' s last official act as AT&T ' s computer chief was to give a speech promoting AT&T ' s Unix operating system at an industry conference here .         Because AT&T has acknowledged that software and services will command higher profit margins in the future than manufactured hardware ,  a number of analysts have speculated that AT&T may contract out the manufacture of its next  line  of minicomputers .  
 Mr .  Kavner said a number of customers have been concerned about AT&T ending manufacture of computers ,  a move that analysts believe would cause AT&T to take another writedown .         Jack Grubman ,  an analyst at PaineWebber Inc .  ,  said however that because most of AT&T ' s minicomputer sales are to the Bell operating companies ,  outsourcing manufacture of AT&T ' s next  line  of minicomputers wouldn ' t result in a write-down .  
 Mr .  Kavner said the companies are most interested in sharing product-development efforts as well as helping each other in their respective markets .         Olivetti ,  which a few months ago appeared to be interested in adopting the Sun Sparc chip for a new  line  of computers ,  hasn ' t yet decided to do so ,  said Richard McGinn ,  vice president ,  product management ,  for AT&T ' s Data Systems Group .  
 Ford Motor Co .  followed General Motors Corp .  and Chrysler Corp .  in reducing factory rebates ,  and effectively raising the prices of many American-made cars and trucks .         The Dearborn ,  Mich . -based auto maker said yesterday that while it will extend rebate offers on many of its models until July 12 ,  effective today it will cut or eliminate the cash offers on some of its most popular  lines  .  
 For example ,  the rebate on Ford ' s midsized Taurus and Sable models will drop 20% to $600 from $750 .     Still ,  Ford ' s midsized car rebate is $100 more generous than the $500 GM is offering on its competitive midsized Oldsmobile Cutlass Ciera ,  Pontiac 6000 and Chevrolet Celebrity  lines  .  
 It is liquidating its CWT Inc .  transportation subsidiary and is selling its Atlanta Novelty Inc .  plush-toy unit and its Cornucopia Farms Inc .  fruit-farm business .         Gerber retained Salomon Brothers Inc .  to seek a buyer for the furniture group ,  which makes a broad  line  of juvenile furniture under the Century ,  Century Originals and Nod-A-Way brand names .  
 But many concerns trying to crack the general market say they faced formidable barriers because of perceptions that black companies were unreliable or their products low-quality .     Consider Johnson Products Co .  ' s experience when ,  in the late 1970s ,  it launched  " Black Tie ,  "  a  line  of men ' s toiletries that was heavily advertised using mostly white actors and models .  
 The initial pact called for a merger of Henkel ' s and New York-based Colgate ' s production facilities ,  but would have kept their marketing separate .     Instead ,  Henkel will sell Cotelle ' s soap and bleach  lines  ,  which have annual turnover of about 550 million French francs ,  to Colgate for 925 million francs .  
 More than 300 cash machines throughout the city and its suburbs stopped functioning .      " The machines can still talk to you ,  but the transaction won ' t go anyplace without the computer  line  ,  "  said Steven Cole ,  president of Cash Station Inc .  ,  which operates some 900 cash machines in the Chicago area .  
 FCB/Leber Katz ,  a division of Chicago-based Foote ,  Cone & Belding Communications Inc .  ,  is also already a big RJR agency with industry estimates of about $110 million in RJR billings .     In recent years ,  it had handled the comeback ,  through  line  extensions ,  of Shredded Wheat .  
 The company ' s American heyday is long since past and in recent months it has been jolted by new setbacks .         At least nine dealers have dropped its upscale Audi  line  since the year began ,  and company officials fear more defections are coming .  
 Funds from the sales had been earmarked to help pay down the company ' s heavy debt load ,  a substantial amount of which is in short-term obligations .         The optometric  lines  were expected to garner about $300 million .  
 The net figure included a $9 million charge from the sale of operations ,  partially offset by a $3 . 1 million tax credit .         Besides its optometric and medical diagnostic operations ,  Cooper has a  line  of surgical products .  
 Fiscal 1988 revenue will be about $45 million ,  he predicted .         Mr .  Morino ,  in an interview ,  attributed the performance to high demand for its integrated  line  of software products ,  which allow customers to manage all aspects of their data processing systems .  
 Morino Associates will pursue further growth through acquisitions and expansion of its international operations ,  the chairman said .     For example ,  products purchased recently from other companies will be combined with Morino Associate ' s in-house development to introduce a new  line  of software that applies traditional inventory-control concepts to data processing systems .  
   Mitsubishi Motor Sales of America Inc .  said it raised the prices of its 1988 Mirage car  line  an average of 1 . 9% ,  or about $170 .  
   The acquisition ,  subject to a tender offer garnering 50 . 1% of Ingredient shares ,  would add Ingredient ' s flavors ,  sweeteners and spices business to the dyes ,  flavors ,  food additives and artificial-coloring  lines  of Crompton & Knowles ,  a Stamford ,  Conn .  ,  concern .  
 Priced at $2 . 5 million to $14 million ,  the machines incorporate the same Motorola Inc .  2 , 500-macrocell silicon-based array chip used in the Y series .     Initially the EA  line  will offer as much as twice the memory of the Y-MP .  
 Under the current exchange plan ,  Coleco would dilute its shares by about 50% .         Analysts ,  who asked not to be quoted ,  said that Coleco has many assets that would be attractive to other toy companies ,  including the Cabbage Patch doll  line  ,  the Alf doll based on the television character ,  plastic ride-on toys and wading pools and such games as Scrabble and Trivial Pursuit .  
 While such power is of interest only to the largest customers ,  the 100-MIPS mark is  " a milestone -- both for the industry and for Amdahl ,  "  according to Robert Djurdjevic ,  president of Annex Research ,  a Phoenix ,  Ariz . -based computer industry consulting firm .         Mr .  Djurdjevic said Amdahl ' s new machine  " may force IBM to provide enhancements to its 3090  line  sooner than they had intended .  "  
 Today ,  the company has a market value of about $48 million ,  based on the stock ' s closing price yesterday of $2 . 375 .     While its physical assets ,  including its toy  lines  ,  are worth perhaps $250 million ,  according to analysts ,  the company ' s debt is far higher .  
 But a sale of some assets to raise cash is possible .     Mr .  Handel said ,   " A wide variety of parties have expressed interest in buying one or more of the company ' s toy  lines  .  "  
 He said Coleco wasn ' t interested previously ,  but he declined to discuss its current position .         Ironically ,  the Cabbage Patch Kids  line  could draw some bidders ,  even though its decline in recent years has contributed to Coleco ' s problems .     While Cabbage Patch sales last year were $125 million ,  down from $600 million in 1985 ,  the toy line remains one the nation ' s best selling .  
 Among other allegations ,  the Treasury said Heublein obtained an agreement from a large restaurant chain with outlets in California ,  Arizona and Washington state requiring that Heublein ' s Inglenook brand be used exclusively as the house wine .     Retail dealers in Connecticut ,  Illinois ,  Texas ,  California and other states were provided freezers as an incentive to purchase a new Heublein  line  of distilled spirits ,  and the company installed keg wine equipment to induce retailers in New Jersey to purchase its brand of keg wine ,  the Treasury said .  
  " But with Pfizer ,  all you ' ve got is complaints .  "         For the past year ,  analysts have complained that Pfizer isn ' t working for its holders: The company refuses to divest its non-drug  lines  ,  as others in the industry have done ,  and Pfizer generally eschews stock buy-backs .  
 That would lift per-share earnings to between $4 . 48 and $4 . 68; analyst estimates lean toward the lower end of that range .         At the May 17 meeting ,  Pfizer is expected to expound on a number of new products ,  notably an advanced formula of its fast-selling heart drug Procardia and a new  line  of antibiotics .  
 Revenue rose 18% to $190 . 1 million from $161 . 6 million .         Ogilvy ,  which also has interests in public relations and other marketing  lines  ,  said its operating profit margin rose to 4 . 5% from 2 . 9% a year earlier .  
 Amdahl added 1 7/8 to 42 1/4 .     The company introduced a  line  of mainframe computers that it said are faster than any other mainframes on the market .  
   THE ERGON  line  of office chairs is indisputably a success .  
 As the name implies ,  the chair ,  designed by William Stumpf & Associates for Herman Miller Inc .  ,  addresses comfort for a wide range of users and tasks .     Three million have been sold since the  line  was introduced 12 years ago .  
 Despite much anticipatory hoopla ,  Round Two won ' t be a battle on the same epic scale .         Many industry officials ,  dealers ,  and customers say clones of IBM ' s year-old second  line  of PCs ,  the PS/2 ,  will put far less pressure on the company than did the previous generation .  
 Clones underpriced IBM by 25% to 40% the first time around because they had lower overhead than IBM and access to the same suppliers '  parts at the same prices .     But IBM makes 70% to 90% of its own parts for the PS/2 ,  up from some 20% for the previous  line  .  
 Separately ,  Grace purchased for cash the graphic-arts division of Uniroyal Plastics Co .  ,  a subsidiary of Jesup Group Inc .  Grace ' s new units make printer ' s gum and photopolymer printing plates ,  which are used in making plates for flexographic printing of several packaging materials .         Grace said the acquisition expands the company ' s  line  of consumable supplies for the graphic arts industry .  
 In New York Stock Exchange composite trading Friday ,  Schering fell 75 cents to close at $48 . 75 ,  and Cooper closed at $12 . 375 ,  down 62 . 5 .         Separately ,  Schering said it agreed with LaSalle Laboratories to develop and market a  line  of gynecological sex-hormone products in the U . S .  and Canada .  
 Toy companies dreamed up a dozen new toy-based cartoons last year .     But this year ,  only one company -- Hasbro ,  for its Cops and Crooks  line  of toys -- has a tie-in cartoon on the drawing boards .  
 The craze began in 1983 ,  when Mattel put up $7 million to help fund the production of 65 half-hour episodes of  " He-Man .  "     By year ' s end ,  sales of Masters of the Universe ,  the  line  that included the He-Man toy ,  had nearly tripled ,  making it one of 1983 ' s hottest-selling toys .  
  " Thundercats ,  "  about catlike humanoids from outer space ,  was a top-rated cartoon last year .     Nonetheless ,  the toy of the same name ,  made by LJN ,  suffered from dismal sales; the company dropped it from its  line  .  
 Tonka ,  for instance ,  is forgoing toy-based cartoons in favor of that old standby ,  the movie tie-in .     It ' s developing a  line  of toys linked to  " Willow ,  "  a Stephen Spielberg movie due this summer .  
 Other companies ,  however ,  once again are going with the unknown .     To push its Dyno-Riders  line  of toys ,  Tyco rejected the cartoon concept as  " too big a chance ,  "  according to Michael Lyden ,  Tyco ' s vice president of business development .  
 Strong performances in diapers ,  liquid detergents -- previously shunned by Europeans -- and from its Richardson-Vicks Inc .  drug unit helped P&G abroad .     Salomon Brothers Inc .  ' s Mr .  Zurkhulen noted that the Pampers diaper  line  ,  which once had sluggish results outside the U . S .  ,   " has really turned around overseas .  "  
 Polaroid said that its world-wide effective tax rate rose to 51% in the 1988 first quarter from 21% in the year-ago period .     The Cambridge ,  Mass .  ,  company also said that it increased marketing promotions in the first quarter to reduce dealer inventories of an older-camera  line  in preparation for the introduction of its low-priced Impulse camera .  
 It aims to keep up that growth by adding new businesses to mature ones .     For instance ,  Nestle in recent years has built its ground-coffee  lines  through costly acquisitions and new products .  
 And Nestle hopes the De Benedetti interests ,  which include Buitoni pasta and Perugina chocolates ,  will generate similar ideas and improvements for other markets .         Rowntree ' s chocolate business would strengthen Nestle by adding snack products to its well-known  line  of chocolate bars .  
   The Federal Trade Commission asked the federal district court here to block McCormick & Co .  ' s proposed $56 million acquisition of the Spice Island  line  of spices ,  herbs and vinegars from a subsidiary of United Biscuits PLC .  
 IBM-Brasil ,  established 71 years ago ,  is among the 20 largest private companies in Brazil .     It is the market leader in large computers but has been unable to sell its  line  of personal computers because of Brazil ' s controversial policy of reserving this market for national manufacturers .  
  " You can ' t provide a consistent ,  consumer-preferred product .  "         Tropicana is also about to unveil a new  line  of non-refrigerated orange-based drinks called Twisters .  
 As of March 31 ,  the company had 6 , 950 , 000 shares outstanding ,  down from 7 , 150 , 000 a year earlier because of a buy-back after the October stock market plunge .         American Health licenses Diet Center franchises ,  and sells related  lines  of diet foods and nutritional supplements for weight loss .  
 After the split ,  the Santa Clara ,  Calif .  ,  company will have 2 . 2 million shares outstanding .         After the expected sale in May of its medical lasers  line  ,  Cooper Life Sciences will be based in Menlo Park ,  Calif .  ,  and plans to develop ,  acquire and invest in health-care products and businesses .  
 Mr .  Perrin said he is confident the talks will reach a conclusion in the next year or so .         He said Cartier is also talking with two other closely held European luxury-goods companies about expanding its market shares in other  lines  .  
 But those gains were offset greatly by  " significant "  drops in its lumber operations and mortgage banking and residential development activities .         Weyerhaeuser said operating earnings for forest products  lines  ,  exclusive of pulp and paper ,  fell 35% .     A year earlier ,  the lines had a $25 million capital gain from dispositions of some land and timber .  
 IBM is promising the new software products as much as six months earlier than expected .     The operating system will finally let customers tap the potential of IBM ' s  line  of mainframes ,  giving them a reason to stop using older hardware .  
  " In this business ,  that ' s all-important .  "         IBM will continue to make its three  lines  of copiers ,  which Kodak expects to market under its own name by the end of the year .  
  " If Kodak can pick up the IBM segment and convert it to Kodak ,  it will be a real boom to Kodak ,  "  said Alex B .  Henderson ,  an analyst with Prudential-Bache Securities Inc .         Allen J .  Krowe ,  IBM executive vice president ,  said the company determined that Kodak ,  with its broader  line  of copiers ,  could better support the substantial marketing and selling costs .  
 The partnership also said that it might sell the holdings .         In a Securities and Exchange Commission filing ,  Haddad said its affiliates hold licenses to distribute the Hush Puppies  line  of clothing and therefore have a business relationship with Wolverine ,  which makes those products .  
 Mr .  Dell also maintained that his models would outperform IBM ' s .     Dell said it is negotiating with IBM to license any patents IBM has on the PS/2  line  .  
   Motorola Inc .  unveiled its latest microprocessor chip family ,  the 88000  line  ,  boasting the new chips provide fivetimes more processing power than leading-edge competitors .  
  " We are confident of being supported by the banks ,  "  a Daimler spokesman said ,  adding that he couldn ' t confirm recurrent speculation that Daimler-Benz has amassed more than its recorded 56% stake in open-market acquisitions .         By taking full control of AEG ,  Daimler can step up implementation of its strategy of integrating AEG ' s electronics business into its automotive and technology  lines  and reducing AEG ' s former emphasis in consumer appliances .  
 The retailer said it will upgrade stores in Norfolk ,  Hampton and Virginia Beach for a total cost of $12 million .     At these stores ,  furniture and certain other  lines  will be discontinued; that space will be devoted to apparel .  
 AT&T has been dissatisfied ,  moreover ,  with Olivetti sales of its 3B2 minicomputers and System 75 phone switchboard  lines  in Europe .     Olivetti also ruffled some AT&T feathers last November when it came out with a line of minicomputers that some analysts say compete with the AT&T machines Olivetti is supposed to sell .  
 An unusual clause will permit Asea Brown to take over the second venture in 1990 if either Westinghouse insists or if Asea Brown decides to do so .         While the paperwork may be complicated ,  the transaction otherwise fits neatly into a  line  of major corporate moves Mr .  Barnevik has initiated since 1980 ,  when he became president of Asea .  
 The new software -- dubbed MVS/ESA -- won ' t become available until August ,  but it could already be giving Sierra sales a lift .         Gartner ' s research shows that prices for used mainframes from the IBM  line  that preceded Sierra have fallen about 60% over the last six months ,  after holding firm for a year .  
 Fiscal 1987 results were sharply lower than prior years because of a slumping market for add-on computer circuit boards -- which then was AST ' s principal  line  of business .         The climb in this year ' s revenue ,  the company said ,  is due to the popularity of AST ' s line of personal computers ,  which in the last year and a half has changed the company into one of the largest makers of personal computers .  
 Profitability has been aided by manufacturing efficiencies .         AST also plans to expand its computer  line  ,  adding less-expensive models for small businesses and more powerful ones for computer-aided design and desk-top publishing .  
 In terms of speed ,  the new computers are expected to process from 2 . 7 million instructions per second ,  or MIPS ,  to more than 10 MIPS ,  depending on how many microprocessors are inside .     In performance ,  they will overlap several IBM computers ,  including parts of the IBM 9370  line  and the 4381 line .  
 International Business Machines Corp .  ,  seeking to raise the return on its massive research and development investments ,  said it will start charging more money to license its 32 , 000 patents around the world .         In announcing the change ,  IBM also said that it ' s willing to license patents for its PS/2  line  of personal computers .  
   Digital Equipment is expected to unveil a series of computers to replace the middle of its VAX  line  .  
 The judge is expected to clarify his ruling this week .         Lord Geller has handled both corporate and product advertising for IBM ,  and is perhaps best known for the Charlie Chaplin campaign it created for IBM ' s personal computer  line  .  
 In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday ,  Compaq stock surged $2 a share to close at $54 . 75 .         The first-quarter results indicate that Compaq ' s Deskpro 386 Model 20 is continuing to sell well despite a challenge from International Business Machines Corp .  ' s newest personal computer  line  .  
 The three -- Peter Gold ,  chairman and chief executive officer; David Rousso ,  chief financial officer; and Sydney Irmas ,  a director -- own 67% of the Price Pfister shares outstanding .         Emhart ,  a maker of industrial ,  consumer and electronic goods ,  said Price Pfister ' s residential plumbing  line  would complement Emhart ' s construction and do-it-yourself products .  
 Moreover ,  Sears has tried unsuccessfully in the past to pump up its women ' s business .     In the early 1980s ,  it introduced Cheryl Tiegs and Stefanie Powers  lines  of private-label clothing .  
  " They ' re in never-never land .  "         The new clothing  lines  may not be different enough to give Sears an edge .  
 Holders love to tell stories about the company ' s marketing acumen .     Like the story about the time Neutrogena introduced its premium-priced shampoo  line  to a less-than-thrilled reception .  
   The race to clone International Business Machines Corp .  ' s PS/2  line  of personal computers has turned into a contest between two Texas-based companies ,  with tiny Dell Computer Co .  apparently trying to upstage giant Tandy Corp .  
 While Mr .  Cassoni trimmed last year ' s loss by 70% from a year earlier through bookkeeping changes and some cost-cutting ,  revenue from outside customers dropped 4% in a banner year for the rest of the industry .         Industry sources say unit sales of AT&T ' s personal computers fell about 16% last year to approximately 120 , 000 ,  while sales of the 3B minicomputer  line  to outside customers fell about 20% to 7 , 600 .  
 AT&T and Sun are expected to announce soon a plan for a software program to make Unix easier to use .     The minicomputers replacing AT&T ' s 3B  line  are scheduled to be launched in the second half of 1989 .  
   IBM said it has shipped nearly two million units of its Personal System/2  line  of personal computers since its introduction a year ago .  
 There isn ' t much mahogany at the flagship Marks & Spencer ,  on London ' s Oxford Street near Marble Arch .     The self-service store is one of the busiest stores on earth ,  selling clothing and food with a recently added  line  of home furnishings in an annex across the street .  
 But long-term health required basic changes in Mattel ' s marketing strategies .          " We ' ve decided to concentrate on those areas where we ' ve historically been strong ,  while slowly building in other areas ,  "  such as preschool ,  where the firm has signed a long-term licensing agreement to use Disney characters on its entire  line  ,  Mr .  Amerman says .  
 In its personal-care division ,  Mr .  Reitman said ,  sales of children ' s diapers continue to show considerable growth despite competition .     He said the division plans to introduce an adult diaper  line  in the second quarter ,  and expects that product to break even this fiscal year .  
   International Business Machines Corp .  said it has shipped nearly two million units of its Personal System/2  line  of personal computers ,  as it passed the first anniversary of the product ' s introduction .  
 But he said it isn ' t seeking to bring in an executive  " to head up the firm .  "         Lord Geller has handled both corporate and product advertising for IBM ,  and is perhaps best-known for the Charlie Chaplin campaign it created for IBM ' s personal computer  line  .  
  " That ' s a broad range ,  but we believe enough people buy with that as a prompting preference "  for the company to reformulate the way it makes its products .         Lately ,  numerous companies have introduced products that are low in saturated fats and cholesterol ,   " but this is the first company I ' ve heard of that has reformulated its entire  line  -- certainly the first bakery company ,  "  said Lynn Dornblaser ,  managing editor of the trade publication ,  Gorman ' s New Product News .  
 Other segments have matured or are saturated .         Marriott ' s entry into the economy  line  has its risks .  
 Kinney Shoe Corp .  is polishing up its dull image .         Known as a marketer of budget-priced family shoes ,  the 94-year-old Kinney ,  a subsidiary of F . W .  Woolworth Co .  ,  will soon begin sharply increasing its reliance on more expensive ,  all-leather shoes in its women ' s  line  .  
 In the year-ago period ,  the company reported a net loss of $4 . 9 million on sales of $23 . 1 million .         Mr .  Schwartz said the company faced a  " cash crunch "  earlier in the year because of advertising costs associated with its frozen food  line  .  
 Chevrolet will market renamed versions of its Nova ,  Sprint and Spectrum under the new badge ,  hoping to sharpen the identity of what is now a muddled array of subcompacts .     The division also plans to include a new imported Jeep-like sport-utility vehicle in the  line  ,  according to dealers and company sources .  
 A Mattel spokesman said the company is  " disappointed "  by the downgrade .      " We ' re encouraged by the positive customer response to our 1988 toy  line  and are realizing cost savings from our restructuring program ,  "  he added .  
 MAGAZINES: McGraw-Hill Inc .  ' s Electronics magazine was acquired by Verenigde Nederlandse Uitgeversbedrijven ,  the Netherlands '  largest publishing group ,  for an undisclosed price .     VNU said Electronics ,  a controlled circulation trade journal that distributes 135 , 000 copies bimonthly ,  fits well with its growing  line  of specialist publications  .   .   .  
 Some of these awards have been reduced on appeal .         Mr .  Estridge was one of IBM ' s most visible executives after starting and overseeing the early development of the IBM PC and building the  line  into a $4 . 5 billion annual business in only four years .  
 Mr .  Batogowski recently negotiated a licensing agreement with Walt Disney Co .  to produce merchandise using Disney characters .     He also negotiated a similar agreement with McDonald ' s Corp .  ,  resulting in the successful McKids clothing  line  .     Both ventures are expected to rejuvenate some of Sears ' s youthful lines .  
   SEAGRAM CO .  ' S recent $1 . 2 billion bid for the Tropicana orange juice  line  put its diversification strategy in the spotlight .  
 In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday ,  American Standard closed at $75 . 50 ,  up 37 . 5 cents ,  while Black & Decker rose 12 . 5 cents to close at $18 . 50 .         Black & Decker ,  a Towson ,  Md . -based maker of power tools and home appliances ,  launched its unsolicited tender offer in late January ,  and has said that American Standard ' s air conditioning and plumbing  lines  are a logical extension of its business .  
 GE acknowledged when it made its offer for Roper that it was the first time the company had put out an unsolicited bid for an acquisition target .     GE had attempted last November to interest Roper in a voluntary merger to obtain the Georgia company ' s kitchen-range  line  ,  but was rebuffed by the company ' s management .  
   Peugeot Motors of America Inc .  is expanding its rebate offer of $3 , 000 on its  line  of 1988-model Peugeot 505 sedans and five-passenger station wagons .  
 The maker of electronic communications equipment said the purchase price represents $8 million over the book value of the products ,  which are the company ' s  lines  of scanners and marine radios .     Together the lines accounted for 24% of Regency ' s $75 million in sales last year .  
 Mr .  Montgomery scoffs at such concerns .     He says he  " doesn ' t foresee "  the need for any acquisitions ,  except for limited additions to the diagnostics  line  ,  in the next few years .  
   A computer-marketing pact between International Business Machines Corp .  and Britain ' s Ferranti International PLC heralds a major IBM campaign to boost European sales of its new  line  of personal computers .  
 On March 4 ,  IBM responded to the disclosure of such discussions to The Wall Street Journal by one of its executives by labeling his comments as  " premature "  in a statement .         The OEM moves signal a stepped-up drive by IBM to establish its year-old PS/2  line  as the new standard in personal computing in Europe .     The current standard remains the one set by IBM ' s older PC line ,  which rival manufacturers world-wide quickly  " cloned .  "  
 A number are testing lighter weight paper and smaller catalogs .     Others plan to cut out entire  lines  of low-margin merchandise that they can no longer afford to sell by mail .  
   NCR unveiled a minicomputer  line  for linking networks of personal computers or terminals in offices .  
 Terms of the revised transaction weren ' t disclosed .     The institutional soap products  line  has annual sales of about $13 million .     The original agreement was to acquire just the consumer soap lines .  
 Greyhound ,  a diversified concern whose Dial Corp .  unit markets brands such as Dial and Purex and makes both consumer and institutional soap products ,  said the acquisition now would cover Borax products with annual sales totaling about $43 million .         The additional products in the agreement consist of a  line  of hand soaps and soap dispensers sold under the Boraxo and Luron names for the medical market ,  and a hand cleaner line for the automotive market ,  Greyhound said .  
 The group has shelved plans to become a European TV and radio power .     Hachette also recently explored and dropped the idea of launching a national daily newspaper in France ,  to go with its  line  of 60 provincial weekly newspapers and magazines .  
 AT&T and Sun signed a technology-sharing agreement last fall calling for AT&T to license Mountain View ,  Calif . -based Sun ' s design for a new microprocessor chip and for Sun to assist AT&T in devising a standardized version of its Unix operating system .         Separately ,  Unisys confirmed it plans to announce Tuesday a long-awaited mid-range computer to bolster one of its aging  lines  .  
 Unisys said it probably wouldn ' t start shipping its new Unix machines until the middle of next year .         Unisys '  new mid-range computer to be unveiled next week will be a version of its 1100  line  long sold by Sperry Corp .  ,  according to Mr .  Blumenthal .  
 Veterans of New Age publishing scoff at the ever-widening definition of the category .     Bantam Books Inc .  ,  a unit of Bertelsmann AG of West Germany ,  started its Bantam New Age Books  line  eight years ago .  
 In turn ,  Stora is a big customer of forestry chemicals from Swedish Match and the two firms already collaborate on development of new pulp bleaching products .         In recent years ,  Swedish Match has grown aggressively by adding home-improvement and packaging acquisitions to its original  line  of matches and other consumer products .  
   IBM ' s computer-marketing accord with Ferranti heralds a major IBM campaign to boost European sales of its new personal-computer  line  .  
 The Wang and Digital announcements appear to indicate that the midrange computer market in the U . S .  is weaker than many observers forecast at the beginning of the year .         Among other midrange makers ,  Armonk ,  N . Y . -based International Business Machines Corp .  ,  which makes computers of almost every size ,  has been reporting disappointing sales of its midrange  lines  .  
 Some Japanese-made microwave ovens that used to cost about $235 now go for a little over $130 .     Sanyo Electric Co .  replaced a  line  of $700 small refrigerators with a new one starting around $470 .  
 Worlds of Wonder attributed the loss to plummeting sales and delays in getting its toys to market during the Christmas season .     The quarter ' s loss included a charge of $63 . 6 million for reserves to cover price reductions ,  estimated losses for the liquidation of a Hong Kong unit and disposal of excess materials related to discontinued or slow-moving  lines  .  
 Mr .  Whitwam hinted that GE is making its bid to fend off possible increased competition in the appliance market from Whirlpool .     He said Whirlpool plans on expanding Roper ' s current  lines  of home appliances to compete directly with such lines as GE ' s Hotpoint .  
 Even devoted players finally grew bored as the latest games stopped offering anything new .         Nowadays ,  marketers are working to prevent a glut by pulling older  lines  off the shelf as more games are introduced .  
 In composite New York Stock Exchange trading yesterday ,  Tandy shares closed at $40 . 25 ,  off 50 cents .         IBM introduced its PS/2  line  last April ,  partially in a bid to regain market share lost to lower-cost clones .  
 Officials said it will expand use of the new operating system to other VAX computers in the next few months .         Although the new four-processor VAX 8840 is Digital ' s most powerful computer ever ,  the  line  was introduced by Digital ' s vice president of mid-range systems ,  William Demmer ,  which drew questions from analysts .  
 C .  Olivetti & Co .  of Italy ,  plus others he declined to identify .         If a pact is reached ,  Siemens and Olivetti would either license or buy from IBM the crucial parts of IBM ' s PS/2  line  of computers and incorporate them into Siemens and Olivetti computers .  
 Xerox secretary Margie Filter said Crum & Forster has helped results in the past two years ,  and that Xerox aims to boost its business products and systems sales through an emphasis on document processing .         Ms .  Filter noted that Xerox has absorbed punishing price competition from Japanese manufacturers and  " re-established itself with a premier copier  line  .  "  
 Since then ,  it has been widely assumed that Mr .  Kelly would find some new way to get back into the acquisition game .         Spinning off Swift-Eckrich ,  whose  lines  include the Butterball turkey brand ,  would leave Mr .  Kelly in control of the core business he knows best .     Many of the meat lines were part of Esmark Inc .  ,  a conglomerate that Mr .  Kelly built in the 1970s .  
 The final quarter ,  which ended Jan .  2 ,  should carry more than half of the expected 1987 earnings of about $6 . 4 million ,  or 90 cents a share .     Full-year sales -- not including the Kaepa shoe  line  that the company sold last year -- should total $313 million ,  down slightly from $319 million .  
 Wolverine World Wide had posted a 1986 loss of $12 . 6 million ,  largely attributable to a $9 million charge caused by the restructuring .         The consolidation ,  which Mr .  Gleason credits for the company ' s turnaround ,  also led to the closing of five Midwest and New England shoe factories ,  the sale of the Kaepa athletic shoe  line  to a management group ,  the sale of retail linen stores and a management restructuring .  
  " Since we felt the pinch in the early 1980s ,  we ' ve become much more consumer-oriented ,  "  says James Preston ,  president of Avon ' s beauty group .     To its distress ,  Avon learned a few years ago that many women considered its makeup  line   " stodgy ,  "  its gift products overpriced and its jewelry unfashionable .  
 So Avon increased the number of gift items priced under $15 and created  " more contemporary "  jewelry .     Last month it revamped its lipstick and nail-polish  line  .  
   Scott Paper Co .  is looking for a new advertising agency to take over all but one of its U . S .  consumer products  lines  now handled by J .  Walter Thompson USA Inc .  and BBDO Worldwide Inc .  
 Scott Paper Co .  is looking for a new advertising agency to take over all but one of its U . S .  consumer products  lines  now handled by J .  Walter Thompson USA Inc .  and BBDO Worldwide Inc .         The one exception is the Viva paper towel line ,  which will remain with BBDO .  
 Time is also developing a children ' s version of its highly successful Sports Illustrated that Mr .  Brack said is aimed at encouraging literacy while expanding the magazine ' s reach .     He also said the magazine is developing a  line  of travel and vacation publications on such subjects as how to play golf ,  to be distributed by resort operators .  
 The 288-page book is based on Time magazine ' s Man of the Year issue featuring the Soviet leader .         With the disbanding of the formal development operations ,   " one of the main goals of every publisher and managing editor is to examine potential expansions or  line  extensions of their properties ,  "  Mr .  Brack said .  
   Quaker Fabric Corp .  said it signed a definitive agreement to sell its tufted-velvet and flock-upholstery fabric  lines  to Culp Inc .  for $5 . 6 million ,  subject to various adjustments .  
 But depending on the outcome ,  the episode could soil the squeaky-clean image of one of the nation ' s most successful industrial companies ,  and of its highly regarded chairman and chief executive officer ,  Charles F .  Knight .     A U . S .  management hero of sorts ,  Mr .  Knight ,  operating in fiercely competitive global markets for a broad  line  of industrial ,  consumer and defense products ,  has extended to 30 years Emerson ' s unbroken streak of increased profits .  
 But it took Bridgestone four years to make up its mind ,  and it did so only after considerable strengthening of the yen against the dollar .     Sources say that Beatrice has had such premium food  lines  as Hunt tomato products and Swift meats on the block in Europe for a year ,  with no takers .  
 Another group is negotiating to license a  line  of clothing created by a team of 20 American and Soviet designers .     The line ,   " Design for Peace ,  "  will make its debut at the Dallas Apparel Mart next month .  
 The cumbersome outfits  " weren ' t made with hopping on buses and getting in and out of taxis in mind .  "          " Their attitude is ,  the more gizmos you can stick on a garment ,  the better ,  "  says Laura Kligh ,  one of the 10 Americans who spent three weeks in the Georgian resort town of Tbilisi in September crafting part of the  " Design for Peace "   line  .  
 Lintas ,  which has had Noxell as a client for 41 years ,  will continue to create ads for the Hunt Valley ,  Md .  ,  company ' s Cover Girl makeup and Noxema skin cream  lines  .     Those lines bill an estimated $60 million in advertising annually .  
 But ad industry executives ,  cosmetics marketers and cosmetics analysts said that while Clarion ' s sales have been strong ,  they have met neither the company ' s nor analysts '  expectations since the product was launched with much hoopla in September 1986 .     Clarion is a moderately priced  line  meant to appeal to women over 30 years old who have sensitive skin .  
  " We are going to stay with the  line  because Noxell has historically been a good vendor for us ,  "  he added .         In its first three months on the market ,  sales of the Clarion line totaled an estimated $25 million .  
 Mr .  Mottus added that Noxell may have been  " spoiled by "  the success of its Cover Girl  line  .     Founded in 1961 ,  Cover Girl has grown to become one of the two largest cosmetics lines sold in the U . S .  
   Warner-Lambert Co .  said it definitively agreed to acquire certain candy  lines  from RJR Nabisco Inc .  and added that it expects first-quarter per-share earnings to rise 20% .  
 The candy brands ,  which include Junior Mints ,  Charleston Chew ,  Sugar Daddy and others ,  will become part of Warner-Lambert ' s American Chicle Group subsidiary .     They broaden the company ' s confectionery  lines  ,  giving Warner-Lambert its first chocolate candy .  
  " This is nothing more than puffery ,  though I may be surprised tomorrow morning ,  "  he added .         Richard Hanley ,  an independent analyst in New York ,  said that price discounts on the old Hoover  line  and other costs of the model changeover will depress first-quarter results .  
 Black & Decker says it is pulling its Lite Years ,  introduced in January 1987 ,  and Just For Me flashlights ,  introduced last month .     The Towson ,  Md . -based appliance company also says it will delay shipping a  line  of smoke detectors that contained the Kodak Ultralife .  
 Polaroid ' s requests and Kodak ' s responses ,  disclosed in federal court documents unsealed Friday in Boston ,  are part of a 12-year battle between the two companies .     The court already has ruled that Kodak ' s  line  of instant cameras and film introduced in 1976 infringed on seven patents of Polaroid ,  the founder of instant photography and the only other company in the business in the U . S .  
 With existing imprints in Canada ,  Australia and New Zealand ,  Doubleday hopes to coordinate publication of titles throughout the English-speaking world  .   .   .     WHO ' S NEWS: Nan Talese ,  vice president and editor-in-chief of the adult trade division of Houghton Mifflin Co .  ,  will join Doubleday next month as senior vice president and editorial director of her own  line  of books  .   .   .  
 Mr .  McGovern said several product  lines  showed  " solid volume performance ,  "  helped by a 12% increase in marketing expenditures .     Among the top performers were ready-to-serve dry soups ,  beverages ,  fresh produce ,  the Pepperidge Farm line of baked goods ,  Mrs .  Paul ' s Kitchens fish products ,  Prego sauces and Swanson frozen entrees .  
 But under the IRS notice ,  investment companies now are required to recognize any built-in gain that would have been realized if the company had liquidated before merging into the fund .     As a result ,  some funds don ' t expect to be doing much in the merger  line  anymore .  
   International Business Machines Corp .  introduced some long-awaited software that will make its current  line  of mainframes run a bit faster and will open the way for far more sophisticated applications .  
 In addition ,  IBM introduced two mainframes that fill in holes in the Sierra product  line  -- the 280E ,  which has two processors ,  and the 500E ,  which contains five .     IBM also extended the range of its 4381 line of mid-range computers by announcing two high-end machines that run the new operating system software .  
 While he wouldn ' t estimate the sale price ,  analysts have estimated that it would exceed $1 billion .         Kraft also told analysts it plans to develop and test a  line  of refrigerated entrees and desserts ,  under the Chillery brand name .  
 On Feb .  9 ,  American Standard rebuffed an unsolicited $65-a-share ,  or $2 . 03 billion ,  takeover offer from Black & Decker ,  a Towson ,  Md .  ,  maker of power tools and household appliances .         New York-based American Standard has plumbing and air-conditioning businesses ,  which Black & Decker believes would be a good fit with its own consumer tool and appliance  lines  .  
 Champion Products Inc .  said it reached an agreement with National Football League Properties Inc .  to produce and market  " replica "  football jerseys bearing the identification of the 28 NFL teams .         Champion Products ,  which makes and markets athletic ,  recreational and leisure wear ,  said the  line  of jerseys will be shipped in August .  
 The price increases come at a time when Chrysler has alleged that Japanese auto makers are  " dumping "  vehicles in the U . S .  market at prices below cost .     Last week at the Chicago Auto Show ,  Gerald Greenwald ,  chairman of Chrysler ' s Chrysler Motors Corp .  unit ,  defended the company against critics who said that Chrysler was also dumping its own import  line  in the U . S .  market .  
 The Bridgestone deal  " might have been more attractive ,  "  Mr .  Millis said ,  if Firestone had a proposed acquisition in sight for its cash from the joint venture rather than the prospect of a significant reduction in operations .         Nonetheless ,  Mr .  Millis applauded the move over an outright sale of the tire assets because the present arrangement ensures that Firestone ' s retail stores will continue to be supplied with Firestone-brand tires and that Firestone ' s network of about 3 , 500 independent dealers also could have a broader  line  of tires .  
 The decline  " was particularly significant "  in the fourth quarter ,  the company said .     Polaroid said it would be introducing camera systems for under $100 in the first half of 1988 ,  and would be applying its newer Spectra instant-film technology to its 600 camera  line  ,  which has been on the market for about seven years .  
 Honeywell Bull Inc .  introduced three models of its DPS 7000 family of medium-scale computers ,  along with software for them .         The Minneapolis-based company said the models 72 ,  82 and 92 extend the DPS 7000  line  of mainframes introduced last April .  
 The furniture maker said the closely held Berkshire and Allegheny operations have combined annual sales of $32 million .     Berkshire sells a specialized  line  of beds and daybeds and Allegheny makes Berkshire ' s metal beds and supplies parts and semi-finished products to other home furnishings manufacturers .  
 Black & Decker first approached American Standard in November to negotiate a friendly merger .     Black & Decker believes American Standard ' s plumbing and air-conditioning businesses are a logical extension of its consumer tool and appliance  lines  .  
  " People perceive Ryder as the yellow (rental) trucks ,  "  Mr .  Burns says .      " While that ' s a valuable  line  ,  it ' s less than 15% of the company .  "  
 Mr .  Shea noted that in 1987 Spiegel dropped low-profit-margin merchandise such as lawn mowers ,  chain saws ,  most cameras and most toys ,  to concentrate on apparel .     Discontinued  lines  accounted for $30 million in 1986 sales .  
 The new system software will be able to handle far more complex programs and work much faster with huge data bases .     It will finally take advantage of some advanced characteristics in IBM ' s 3090  line  of mainframes that were introduced three years ago .  
 The talks ,  first reported in Crain ' s Chicago Business ,  mark an apparent attempt by the two companies to expand joint marketing efforts .     Last year ,  Chicago-based Sears launched its McKids  line  of children ' s clothing under an exclusive licensing agreement with Oak Brook ,  Ill . -based McDonald ' s .     Sears officials consider the line successful ,  with annual sales now estimated to exceed $100 million .  
 The rating agency said the downgrade resulted from Emhart ' s aggressive acquisition program .      " Emhart is likely to make a major acquisition in the next two years as it seeks to fulfill its strategic objective of repositioning the business mix towards products with more promising profit and growth prospects than its traditional capital equipment  lines  ,  "  the ratings agency said .  
  " There are over 800 toy companies in America "  and most in Galoob ' s revenue range who were concentrating on marketing toys  " much above the $50 range were hurting in 1987 ,  "  said Steven Eisenberg who follows the toy industry for Bear ,  Stearns & Co .  Galoob ,  however ,  with practically no debt ,  isn ' t likely to be another WOW and should rebound to profitability in the  " 50 cents to 75 cents a share range "  this year assuming an acceptable product mix ,  Mr .  Eisenberg said .         Toy companies in general are likely to be  " heading back to basics "  with lower-priced products making up most of their mix; Galoob ,  which will unveil its new  line  of toys to analysts this week ,  is likely to follow that pattern ,  according to Mr .  Eisenberg .  
   Compaq Computer Corp .  reported its fourth-quarter net income more than tripled and sales more than doubled ,  despite the first full brunt of competition from International Business Machines Corp .  ' s newest personal computer  line  .  
 The most powerful computers in that  line  ,  which challenge Compaq ' s microcomputers aimed at big businesses ,  weren ' t available in large quantities until the fourth quarter .         When the Armonk ,  N . Y . -based computer giant debuted the PS/2 line last April 2 ,  some industry watchers predicted that Compaq and many other computer makers might be badly hurt by the IBM machines ,  which incorporated changes to the computer design IBM had used since 1981 in its original PC line .  
 Ms .  Cools said she suspected Kodak might exit the business because it hadn ' t introduced an improved version of the disk since February 1986 .     Kodak ' s product announcement last month included everything but disk cameras -- two new 35mm camera  lines  ,  a new 110 camera and a new disposable camera .  
 He said he doesn ' t expect Kodak will resume production of the disk .     He expects the current disk manufacturing capacity to be shifted to produce a  line  of recently introduced 35mm cameras .  
   Donald P .  Kelly and Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co .  are in talks that could lead to another Beatrice Co .  spinoff or to Mr .  Kelly ' s buying one or more of Beatrice ' s huge food  lines  .  
 Mr .  Kelly and Kohlberg Kravis took Beatrice private in a leveraged buy-out two years ago .         But Beatrice has individual food  lines  ,  including Swift meats and Hunt tomato products ,  that could easily be spun off .  
 Partly because he was distracted by his E-II role ,  Mr .  Kelly has had trouble peddling the whole company .         The most likely spin-off candidates are the Swift meat  lines  and Tropicana juices ,  analysts said .  
 Such a high-end product  " is a checkoff item for scientific and engineering shops committing to one vendor ,  "  said John Logan ,  an analyst with Yankee Group in Boston .     Those companies want to know that they could buy high-end graphics workstations that work with the rest of the  line  ,  he explained .  
 It moved its personal computer division into the same group as its older typewriter division ,  a sign that those two markets are converging .     It also moved a slow-selling  line  of midrange computers into the same group as IBM ' s core business: the large mainframe computers that run most big companies '  and governments '  finances .  
 Other analysts said they believe Mr .  Akers ' s assertion that the separation is a sign of IBM ' s high hopes for the 3X ,  which has more than 250 , 000 customers .     One of IBM ' s biggest new products of 1988 will be the first major addition to the 3X  line  in years ,  a machine code-named  " Silverlake .  "  
 In a year-old dispute just made public ,  Marshall Field ' s has challenged the use of the Mrs .  Fields Cookies '  name .         Chicago-based Marshall Field ' s said it learned last year that Mrs .  Fields ,  a chain of stores known for its cookies ,  was interested in bringing out a  line  of clothing under the name Mrs .  Fields .  
 Qmax Technology Group Inc .  ,  Dayton ,  Ohio ,  said it is offering a new  line  of skin-treatment gels for use by cosmetic companies in their skin-care products .         The line is related to a family of drugs similar to Retin-A ,  a vitamin A-related compound made by a unit of Johnson & Johnson ,  a New Brunswick ,  N . J . -based health-care products company .  
 Most importantly ,  consultants say ,  as president of IBM ' s Communications Products Division last year ,  she was one of the few executives to exceed her 1987 budget projections and has become a protege of powerful IBM executive Terry Lautenbach .         As the newly named general manager of IBM Communication Systems group ,  Mrs .  Hancock ,  44 years old ,  takes responsibility for about $4 billion to $5 billion in revenue from IBM ' s entire  line  of telecommunications products .  
 To better tap this embryonic but traditionally hard-to-reach market ,  the nation ' s No .  3 aluminum maker said it was reorganizing its European operations under a new unit .     Reynolds also said it was looking to beef up other consumer-products  lines  there ,  including aluminum foil and packaging .  
 He said that Teradyne ' s problem began when Intel Corp .  selected semiconductor testers from rival LTX Corp .  ,  Westwood ,  Mass .  ,  for its highly successful new microprocessors .     Motorola Corp .  is believed to be deciding between LTX and Teradyne testers for its microprocessor  line  .  
 For the year ended Sept .  27 ,  sales were $1 . 9 billion .         American Standard has made restructuring moves ,  strengthening its position in the repair and remodeling markets and emphasizing  lines  with higher margins .  
 Microcom makes computer communications equipment .     Meridian markets the Carbon Copy  line  of software .  
   NCR Corp .  ,  ballyhooing the increased flexibility of its popular Tower computer system ,  broadened the  line  for high-end and low-end users with four new models .  
 Mr .  Gray said the same software system -- namely the UNIX network ,  developed by American Telephone & Telegraph Co .  -- can be used on each Tower model .     In turn ,  that makes individual computer programs ,  be they as simple as a spreadsheets or as complex as controlling factory equipment ,  compatible with every part of the Tower  line  .  
 But ,  with the introduction of the four NCR models ,  none seem quite as extensive .      " This  line  is a bit fuller ,  "  said Wendy Abramowitz ,  an analyst with Argus Research Corp .  ,  in New York .  
 The 32/200 is scheduled to be available in April ,  with a suggested list price of $5 , 445 .         The 32/850 ,  now the most powerful on the Tower supermicrocomputer  line  ,  can serve as many as 512 users .  
 But Mr .  Shapiro says the company may have a tougher sales job with Simplesse than it had with NutraSweet ,  since consumers had seen sugar-substitutes before .     As a result ,  the company is considering bringing out its own  line  of food products containing Simplesse .  
 Revenue rose 4% to $281 . 7 million from $270 . 8 million .         Irving Gould ,  chairman and chief executive officer ,  said demand for all products  " exceeded expectations "  while the Amiga  line   " is being established solidly and currently represents 40% of total revenues .  "  
 But designers are also offering women the shorter look with a bit more modesty .     Donna Karan showed culottes in her spring  line  .  
 He expects more pants in the fall collection .     But designers say they haven ' t abandoned the longer skirt and plan to include it in their fall  lines  as one option .  
 But Sterling Group Inc .  ,  a Houston investment-banking concern that specializes in leveraged buy-outs ,  confirmed it recently formed SGI to purchase ArtCarved .     ArtCarved ,  which makes a  line  of diamond ,  wedding and class rings ,  had annual sales exceeding $100 million last year .  
 Last September ,  Brown-Forman said it was considering the sale of the division to focus its operations on alcoholic beverages ,  china and luggage .     In July 1986 ,  Brown-Forman liquidated its unprofitable Keepsake jewelry  line  .  
 The Oslo-based computer maker earlier this month slashed its estimate of 1987 ' s pretax earnings to half the 475 million kroner ($74 . 8 million) posted for 1986 .         Norsk Data intends to widen the international market share of its successful  line  of integrated newspaper and publishing systems .  
   Eastman Kodak Co .  ,  expanding both its high-end and low-end camera  line  ,  introduced four new cameras ,  including a 35mm version that will likely sell for less than $50 .  
 United ' s shares closed at $34 . 50 ,  down 87 . 5 cents ,  in New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday .         Quarterly sales grew in flight systems ,  which includes Sikorsky helicopters ,  and defense electronics and aircraft products  lines ; building systems ,  primarily Otis elevators and Carrier air-conditioning systems; and industrial products ,  such as automotive products ,  Essex wire and cable ,  and control systems .  
 In addition ,  mainframe sales rose a bit even though they have been shipped in volume for three years and sales could normally be expected to slip at this stage of the product cycle .     IBM said sales of the new  line  of personal computers were strong .  
 Said H . P .  Smith ,  an analyst with Smith Barney ,  Harris Upham & Co .  ,   " The sale price is particularly disconcerting given the fact that the company had been indicating there were a large number of companies expressing interest in this business .  "         Gould has been trying for 17 months to sell its defense businesses ,  and still has its large NavCom Systems unit and several smaller  lines  to sell .  
 Sales rose to $243 . 4 million from $214 . 6 million .         The grocery products concern ,  which also makes paints ,  stains and products for the food-service industry ,  said shipments were up in all its  lines  .  
 Wine Group is a San Francisco-based limited partnership .         Glenmore ,  a distilled beverages producer ,  said it may redeploy the cash in its existing  lines  .  
 Last July ,  Scott Chairman Philip Lipincott set a sales target of $1 billion for Europe by 1990 ,  constituting about a fourth of total company sales .         Among Scott ' s European brands are Andrex ,  the leading bathroom tissue in Britain ,  and Le Trefle ,  a popular French  line  of sanitary paper goods .     Scott also markets Cotonelle bathroom tissue in Italy and the Sancel line in Spain .  
 Sony Corp .  last year introduced its My First Sony  line  of audio products for children four and up .     Fisher-Price Toys ,  a division of Quaker Oats Co .  ,  rolled out a $225 kids '  camcorder this Christmas ,  a pricey departure from its mainstay line of preschool toys .  
 One analyst said he thought increasing competition in the market for 286-based computers was also behind the price cut .      " Pricing pressure is really heating up in this area ,  "  said Jim Poyner ,  an analyst with Rauscher Pierce Refsnes Inc .  Mr .  Poyner predicted a few weeks ago in an investment report that Compaq would have to cut prices because of aggressive price cutting by IBM .  Official prices of IBM ' s lastest  line  of computers haven ' t changed since the machines were introduced April 2 ,  but Mr .  Poyner believes IBM ' s important direct sales force ,  which sells computers to large corporations ,  is offering bigger discounts .  
 Once known as a pretzel maker ,  J&J has broadened its product base by acquiring several companies in recent years .     Among its newer  lines  are cookies ,  frozen juices and churros ,  a Hispanic specialty pastry .  
 In 1987 ,  the company acquired a controlling interest in ICEE-USA ,  a marketer of semi-frozen carbonated beverages ,  and Vernon ,  Calif . -based Southern Food Products ,  a maker of baked goods .     J&J also acquired the Frostar  line  of frozen treats and Trotter Soft Pretzels .  
 Deere & Co .  said it plans to lay off indefinitely about 150 workers at its construction-equipment assembly plant here .         The maker of farm ,  industrial ,  and lawn and garden equipment said the layoffs are due to completion of the introduction of a new  line  of crawler-bulldozers and what a spokesman called  " minor reductions in production schedules .  "  
 One of these ,  the Premier ,  is especially important .     It is the first model in the new Eagle brand of cars that Chrysler plans to sell through the 1 , 400 dealers it added to its distribution network when it picked up American Motors .  (The Eagle  line  isn ' t to be confused with the Eagle model formerly sold by AMC . ) 
 That company ' s popular and profitable Jeep models were a major reason Chrysler made the acquisition .     But Chrysler figures it can get the most bang for its buck by creating a new  line  of cars that appeals to Jeep owners -- typically young and upscale types who now buy ,  say ,  a Saab to go along with their Jeep .  
 But consumers aren ' t easily swayed .      " The tough part is how long will it take "  to get a good car  line  for Eagle ,  says Mr .  Iacocca .  
 Analysts said the software should help Ashton-Tate remove some of the considerable concern over whether it can update the venerable dBASE product to keep up with the new generation of computer hardware and operating-system software .         For Microsoft ,  analysts said the agreement will ensure that it can offer the general public the sort of products that International Business Machines Corp .  has promised its customers with its newest  line  of personal computers .  
 But Emhart isn ' t abandoning its past as a consumer and industrial products company either ,  as the Stanadyne bid shows .     Emhart is primarily interested in Stanadyne ' s Moen brand of plumbing products ,  which Emhart says would make a natural fit with its consumer hardware and housewares  lines  .  
 GM has scheduled overtime shifts tomorrow at its Baltimore truck plant and for postal vehicle production at its Moraine ,  Ohio ,  truck plant .     GM ' s Pontiac ,  Mich .  ,  West plant ,  which builds Blazer and Jimmy sport utility trucks ,  will be closed until Jan .  18 for installation of a new engine  line  .  
 Dow has indicated ,  however ,  that its appetite isn ' t yet filled .     Last week ,  it offered to acquire A . H .  Robins ' s over-the-counter drug  line  from Rorer Group for $950 million if Rorer should be the successful bidder for Robins .  
 However ,  the decision to entertain buyers for Talbots and Eddie Bauer represents a turnabout for General Mills .     At the September annual meeting ,  chairman H .  Brewster Atwater Jr .  outlined ambitious growth plans ,  including 15 to 20 new outlets and introduction of a children ' s  line  for Eddie Bauer ,  and a $190 million expansion for Talbot ' s retailing and direct-marketing operations .  
 As previously reported ,  the Palo Alto-based company ,  once known as CooperVision Inc .  ,  last year unsuccessfully sought to be acquired .     The company has sold its ophthalmic pharmaceuticals  lines  and current operations include medical diagnostics and ophthalmalogic surgical equipment and lenses .  
 Marketing the Vidal Sassoon products to retailers and catalog showrooms accounts for about 80% of its business .     Helen of Troy also sells its own  line  of professional hair-care appliances to salons ,  about 10% of its sales .  
 The new agency is likely to be a much smaller one than Thompson ,  an industry source said .         Thompson ' s recent account losses include Pillsbury Co .  ' s $200 million Burger King Corp .  account ,  $100 million of Ford Motor Co .  business in Europe and Latin America ,  the $30 million account for PepsiCo Inc .  ' s Slice soft drink  line  ,  and a dozen smaller accounts .  
 The ad agencies competing for the Saturn account haven ' t been given many details about the cars Saturn will make .     The Saturn  line  is expected to feature cars that are smaller and lighter than the current GM cars .  
   Maytag Corp .  said it plans to spend an additional $30 million to upgrade and expand its Galesburg ,  Ill .  ,  plant ,  which makes the Admiral  line  of appliances .  
  " The complexity and uncertainty of a possible takeover "  of Rorer  " have to hurt its chances ,  "  said H .  Arvid Johnson ,  Robins ' s senior vice president and general counsel .         Moreover ,  Robins has reacted negatively to Rorer ' s recent proposal to finance a more generous bid by selling off some of Robins ' s prized consumer drug  lines  ,  such as Robitussin cough syrup ,  Chap Stick lip balm and Dimetapp cold remedies .  
 DESIGNING a product for able-bodied people so it ' s also useful to the handicapped sometimes requires only imagination ,  not much money ,  as can be seen in a couple of recent innovations .         Standard software for Apple Computer Inc .  ' s Macintosh  line  includes a file called  " Easy Access "  for people who can ' t type with both hands or have trouble manipulating the mouse .  
 Paris-based Kaysersberg ,  with annual sales of about $725 million ,  operates six plants and employs 3 , 600 workers .     It markets a broad  line  of towel and tissue ,  personal-care and health-care products in France ,  West Germany ,  Italy and the Benelux countries .  
 Equally unfounded is Mr .  Kelly ' s implication that the American Brands board of directors has not been aggressively seeking meaningfully to enhance shareholder value .  "         American Brands '  best-known  lines  are its cigarette brands ,  including Pall Mall ,  Tareyton and Lucky Strike .  
 The company also owns such major liquor brands as Jim Beam ,  Old GrandDad and Old Crow .     Other  lines  include Swingline office products ,  Case cutlery ,  Titleist and Foot-Joy golf items and Master Locks .  
 In 1986 ,  Mr .  Kelly was named as Beatrice ' s chairman when it was acquired by Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co .  ,  a New York investment concern ,  in a $6 . 2 billion leveraged buy-out .     In July ,  he took Beatrice ' s non-food businesses and some smaller specialty food  lines  public as E-II Holdings .  
 Its previous offer was about 13 . 3 million shares .         Rorer also told Robins that its revised acquisition proposal  " contemplates "  the sale of Robins ' s over-the-counter drug  lines  ,  such as Robitussin ,  Chap Stick and Dimetapp ,  to Merrell Dow Pharmaceuticals Inc .  for $950 million .     Rorer said it hadn ' t entered a formal agreement with Merrell Dow ,  a unit of Dow Chemical Co .  Merrell Dow offered in May to buy those lines directly from Robins .  
 The VMS 5 . 0 -- priced at up to $3 , 975 -- won ' t be found at record stores near you ,  however .         The Digital program is the new operating system that controls the basic functions of the popular VAX  line  of computers .  
 Officials of the Recording Industry Association of America ,  the group leading the opposition to digital tape recorders ,  couldn ' t be reached for comment .         Separately ,  as expected ,  Tandy unveiled a personal computer ,  the Tandy 5000 ,  compatible with IBM ' s Personal System/2  line  .  
 Hachette ,  which claims it is now the world ' s fourth-biggest media company ,  behind Bertelsmann ,  Capital Cities/ABC Inc .  ,  and Time Inc .  ,  is being driven abroad in part by challenges at home .     Group de la Cite ,  a recent agglomeration of publishing companies ,  is in most of Hachette ' s  lines  and owns half of the world ' s biggest book club ,  which sells at great profit 26 million books a year to one Frenchman in every five .  
 Containing Kodacolor  " Gold ,  "  the boxes prominently display that word in gold-colored foil against a black background and a gold band running across the center of the box .     The new print film and name will be marketed world-wide and will replace Kodak ' s highly successful  line  of VR-G films .  
 The company doesn ' t disclose how much of its revenue -- $13 . 3 billion in 1987 -- is derived from film sales ,  but film is Kodak ' s cash cow .     The VR-G  line  of 35mm color-print amateur film ,  introduced three years ago ,  is aimed at the fastest-growing market for film .  
  " Microsoft has done a much better job in delivering new products to market than Lotus ,  "  Mr .  Sherlund said .      " They seem to get more bang from their R&D  line  than Lotus .  "  
   Spy ,  the bratty monthly magazine that tweaks New York ' s rich and powerful ,  will launch a new  line  of books with Dolphin/Doubleday this fall .  
 He predicted continued strong sales of such recent products as the cordless screwdriver ,  Air Station air pump ,  Handy Chopper food processor and Spacemaker popcorn popper .         As part of the new strategy ,  the company has been developing innovations in its  line  of power-tool accessories ,  including Piranha saw blades and Bullet Pilot Point drill bits .  
 Parker Hannifin Corp .  said it completed the previously announced acquisitions of Pullman Co .  ' s Bruning Hydraulics and Waterman Hydraulics divisions for $24 . 5 million .         The acquisitions broaden Parker ' s hydraulics parts products  line  .  
 Grow Group ,  which makes household products and specialty chemical coatings and paints ,  also said it expects to report a loss from continuing operations for the third quarter ended March 31 of about $1 million .     In the year-earlier period ,  earnings from continuing  lines  were $773 , 000 .  
 In the chemical group ,  increased sales of mining reagents ,  water-treatment chemicals and engineered materials contributed to the gains .     Meanwhile ,  the company ' s consumer-products business ,  the Shulton group ,  had higher sales of such household  lines  as Pine-Sol liquid cleaner and Combat pest-control products .  
   Dell Computer Corp .  ,  as expected ,  became the first company to announce copies of International Business Machines Corp .  ' s year-old Personal System/2 computer  line  ,  but Dell ' s models won ' t be available until the fourth quarter .  
 A Warhol calendar is in the works ,  but Mr .  Schlaifer also envisions Warhol posters ,  note cards ,  bathmats ,  shopping bags ,  ties ,  handbags and scarfs .     There are talks with Bloomingdale ' s about a housewares  line  .  
 It didn ' t break out product- line  results ,  but a spokesman said its world-wide mainframe shipments rose from the year-earlier quarter and that the company saw  " continuing strength "  from mainframes .         The biggest shot in the arm for IBM may have been the February announcement of an unglamorous but pivotally important product: a new piece of software to control the basic workings of IBM ' s three-year-old Sierra line of mainframes .  
 The biggest shot in the arm for IBM may have been the February announcement of an unglamorous but pivotally important product: a new piece of software to control the basic workings of IBM ' s three-year-old Sierra  line  of mainframes .         Some analysts believe the thousands of corporations and governments that run their finances on million-dollar IBM mainframes hadn ' t previously had a compelling reason to trade up to the Sierra line .  
 The current quarter should go a long way to clarify IBM ' s long-term outlook by resolving some crucial questions outside the mainframe marketplace .         IBM ' s year-old PS/2 personal computer  line  will see its first clones enter the market ,  beginning with some announcements next week .  
 Speculation in the industry is that IBM will pull the wraps off Silverlake on June 21 .     It has huge potential for IBM because it will be pitched as a replacement for a  line  with more than 275 , 000 current customers ,  the 3X .  
 As for AT&T ' s view of the bargain ,  its managers say that while Olivetti ' s machines fit well with AT&T ' s U . S .  product  line  ,  it wouldn ' t be difficult for AT&T to find another source .     AT&T has been dissatisfied ,  moreover ,  with Olivetti sales of its 3B2 minicomputers and System 75 phone switchboard lines in Europe .  
   Polaroid Corp .  ,  as expected ,  unveiled a new low-priced  line  of instant cameras called Impulse .  
 He disclosed how vulnerable anyone who covers the White House is to the anonymous aides who dispense quotes every day .     I think anonymous quotes are often useful ,  even important ,  but everyone knows they can also be a tool to push a source ' s latest  line  .  
  " The market still seems to be strong ,  the traffic is good .     We anticipate selling out (to dealers) earlier this year than in past years on virtually all car and truck  lines  .  "  
 But ,  he adds ,   " not all the products and merchandising have been changed yet to be consistent with that focus .  "         GM dug a hole for itself ,  as company officials see it ,  by blurring the distinction between Buick and Oldsmobile ,  and between those cars and other GM  lines  .  
 For a half-century ,  the company ' s divisions formed a progression: A customer started with a Chevrolet ,  switched to a Pontiac if he was flashy ,  progressed to a more conservative Oldsmobile and then a more opulent Buick ,  and finally ,  if he made it big ,  landed a Cadillac .         Then came the look-alike era of the early 1980s ,  when GM downsized its model  lines  and cut costs by sharing many basic parts across divisions .  
 Executives of AT&T ' s Data Systems Group have said last year ' s fourth-quarter sales of personal computers were hurt by slow deliveries from Olivetti .     AT&T also has been unhappy with Olivetti ' s launching a minicomputer  line  in Europe that competes with AT&T ' s 3B line ,  instead of trying harder to sell AT&T ' s products .  
 AT&T ' s Olivetti machines run on International Business Machines Corp .  operating systems ,  and the president of AT&T ' s Data Systems Group ,  Vittorio Cassoni ,  who came from Olivetti in 1986 ,  said AT&T doesn ' t have any plans to emphasize Unix on the desktop .     AT&T has said it plans to use Unix running on Sun ' s powerful Sparc microprocessor for its new  line  of minicomputers due out next year .  
   Digital Equipment Corp .  is expected to introduce shortly a series of new computers to replace the middle of its popular VAX  line  .  
 In performance ,  they will overlap several IBM computers ,  including parts of the IBM 9370  line  and the 4381 line .         Analysts speculated that Digital is anxious to announce Calypso before IBM introduces the Silverlake line .  
 We are neither seeking or soliciting offers .  "         Mr .  Smilow said the company will go ahead with previously disclosed plans to sell its Jhirmack Inc .  hair-care  line  .  
 Mr .  Teets says that  " we ' ve been restructuring for four years and basically we ' ve just finished up "  with a way to shed the loss-producing Verex mortgage insurance business .     Last fall ,  the former food-service executive bought the Dobbs House airport restaurants and other food-services  lines  from Carson Pirie Scott for $326 million ,  boosting debt to about 50% of total capital .  
 Just now ,  though ,  the two industries are more apart than together .     Some analysts contend ,  moreover ,  that AT&T can do better computerizing its phone network than creating its own  line  of computers .  
 A spokesman said the new labels don ' t address quality or pricing ,  but instead attempt to organize Sears ' s current offerings according to lifestyles of customers it is targeting .     The Apostrophe  line  ,  for example ,  extends and brings together under a single contemporary label the Cheryl Tiegs casual clothes and Stefanie Powers career clothes already sold in Sears stores .  
 IBM never challenged the rights of many clone-makers to replicate its earlier machines .         IBM has indicated that it expects legal clones of its PS/2  line  to appear ,  but didn ' t expect them to arrive quite so fast ,  and has said it certainly wouldn ' t do anything to make life easier for the clone makers .  
 Nearly every cosmetic is sold under the pretended imprimatur of one or both of these oracles .         The sales force for Estee Lauder ' s Clinique  line  ,  for instance ,  dresses in white lab coats to hustle its hospital-green bottles and tubes .  
   Sun Microsystems will unveil today a  line  of general-purpose computer workstations built around Intel ' s popular 80386 microprocessor .  
  " We own the Roper brand name .     We attained that objective and we have full intentions to proceed with our plans to introduce a full  line  of Roper home appliances ,  "  Mr .  Whitwam said .  
 And he flunked his first screen test; the studio rejected his Cockney accent ,  his  " bowlegs "  and his  " thick neck .  "     Yet he still became the flagship of Hollywood ' s dreamboat  line  .  
 Some ,  such as Monsanto Co .  ,  have shed nearly all their commodity chemicals .     Others ,  such as Dow Chemical Co .  ,  are retaining certain basic products and building complementary specialty  lines  .  
 General Time produces watches and clocks sold under the Westclox ,  Big Ben and Baby Ben and Seth Thomas names .         Talley has been restructuring its operations to emphasize businesses ,  including its automotive air bag  line  ,  that have higher growth rates .  
 Campbell Soup Co .  said it will introduce several frozen-breakfast products ,  significantly expanding its efforts in one of the food industry ' s fastest growing segments .         In May ,  the Camden ,  N . J . -based soup maker will roll out a new  line  of 99-cent frozen budget breakfasts ,  as well as a microwaveable Belgian waffle that required a tricky technological feat to make it palatable .  
 Following the announcement yesterday morning ,  Price Pfister ' s shares soared $7 to close at $17 . 50 in national over-the-counter trading .         Emhart ,  a maker of industrial ,  consumer and electronic goods ,  said Price Pfister ' s residential-plumbing  line  would complement Emhart ' s construction and do-it-yourself products .  
 In addition ,  the product relies on special packaging ,  frequently used in other microwave products like pizza ,  to help keep it crispy on the outside .         Campbell ,  which already has a $1 . 29 to $1 . 69  line  of frozen breakfasts called Swanson ' s Great Starts ,  isn ' t alone in pursuing breakfast-eaters .  
 So Edwin Lopez ,  who is trying to claim some space on those shelves for new products from Campbell Soup Co .  ,  has his work cut out .     Mr .  Lopez is working Hispanic neighborhoods trying to break down the fierce loyalty to Goya products and make inroads for Campbell ' s new Casera  line  of more than 50 food products aimed at Hispanics of Caribbean origin .  
   Benihana National Corp .  ,  Miami ,  plans to close its unprofitable Big Splash-Seafood Emporium restaurant  line  as part of its drive to  " get back to basics "  and focus on Japanese cooking ,  Joel Schwartz ,  president ,  said in an interview .  
 It fell 3 1/8 to 82 1/2 after it said will cease production of chlorofluorocarbons ,  a family of chemicals that have been found to damage the atmospheric ozone layer .     Du Pont is the nation ' s largest producer of the chemicals ,  though the  line  is a relatively small part of its business .  
 The emphasis on headgear is expected to last at least through the fall .     Christian Lacroix ' s fall  line  ,  for example ,  includes velvets and flowers worn close to the head .  
 Intel Corp .  ,  which fled the computer memory-chip business in 1985 ,  took a tentative step toward re-entering it by agreeing to market memory chips made by Micron Technology Inc .  ,  one of only two U . S .  concerns that still make them .         Santa Clara ,  Calif . -based Intel -- which makes a broad  line  of semiconductor products -- along with most other big U . S .  chip makers ,  quit making so-called DRAM ,  or dynamic random access memory ,  chips after Japanese chip makers flooded the U . S .  with cheap memory chips earlier in the decade .  
 In fact ,  some lawyers say ,  the Apple suit itself could well turn on a 1986 decision involving stuffed dinosaurs .         In that case ,  decided in 1986 by Robert P .  Aguilar ,  the same San Jose ,  Calif .  ,  federal judge assigned to hear the Apple suit ,  a pair of toy designers sued a company for infringing their copyrights on a  line  of dinosaur dolls .  
 It isn ' t clear whether the vehicles will retain the Chevrolet name or just carry the Chevy  " bow tie "  emblem .     In any event ,  Chevrolet hopes to launch Geo this fall ,  almost two years before the debut of GM ' s Saturn car  line  ,  another new nameplate that ,  unlike Geo ,  will also be a separate franchise .  
 H . J .  Heinz Co .  said its Star-Kist Foods Inc .  unit entered a definitive agreement to buy the pet-foods operations of California Home Brands Holdings Inc .  Terms weren ' t disclosed .         California Home Brands '   line  consists primarily of canned dog and cat foods ,  including the Skippy Premium ,  Vets ,  Sturdy ,  Petuna and Glamour Puss labels .  
 That kind of world is an increasing headache for IBM .     Its first  line  of PCs ,  born in 1981 ,  was overrun by clones that had all the features of a Big Blue computer for less money .  
 It bought the chip at the heart of the machine from Intel Corp .  and the program that guided the machine ' s basic functions from then-fledgling Microsoft Corp .         That made it easier for other companies to flank the IBM  line  with software and accessories .  
   Regency Electronics Inc .  said it agreed to sell its consumer products  line  to Uniden Corp .  of America ,  also of Indianapolis ,  for $12 million .  
 Regency Electronics Inc .  said it agreed to sell its consumer products  line  to Uniden Corp .  of America ,  also of Indianapolis ,  for $12 million .         The maker of electronic communications equipment said the purchase price represents $8 million over the book value of the products ,  which are the company ' s lines of scanners and marine radios .  
 Henley said it plans a public offering of $1 billion of subordinated debentures to refinance $980 million of bank debt now outstanding under a $2 . 3 billion  line  of credit .     The company said it also expects to replace its existing line with a new facility totaling more than $2 . 5 billion .  
 But Alf didn ' t make up for the declining Cabbage Patch sales ,  and industry analysts and buyers expect Alf to slow considerably this year .         One problem ,  says a former executive who asks not to be identified ,  is that Coleco has devoted too much research-and-development effort to expanding its Cabbage Patch  line  ,  to little avail .  
 But his most important move was to take Ward away from its traditional approach of being ,  like Sears ,  a private-label mass merchandiser .     He transformed Ward into a low-priced specialty chain focused around such  lines  as consumer electronics and home furnishings .  
  " We believe that if the FTC conducts the thorough review warranted here ,  it will agree with our position ,  "  Mr .  Whitwam said .         Whirlpool has said it plans to expand Roper ' s  line  of kitchen ranges into a broader selection of household appliances .     The company has also charged that GE entered the bidding for Roper because the Fairfield ,  Conn . -based company feared competition from a Whirlpool-Roper combination ,  especially against its Hotpoint appliance line .  
 Often ,  debt is ballooned by well-intentioned efforts to reshape a company ' s business .         Allegheny International Inc .  ,  once primarily a steel producer ,  set out a decade ago to strengthen its consumer-products  lines  ,  mainly through acquisitions .  
 A computer-marketing pact between International Business Machines Corp .  and Britain ' s Ferranti International PLC heralds a major IBM campaign to boost European sales of its new  line  of personal computers .         Under the agreement announced last week ,  the medium-sized British electronics company will relabel and sell IBM ' s new PS/2 line of personal computers along with its computer products .  
 Mrs .  Tompkins feels that Esprit moved too fast at a time when it needed to pause and reorient its image .      " Expansion put a lot of pressure on the {product}  line  ,  "  she says .  
 Despite such extravagance ,  he adds ,  at least some Esprit stores are profitable .         Similar excesses got Esprit into trouble with some department stores selling its  line  .  
 Officials of the company said it will use the new chip as the heart of new models of its 4300 series of workstations ,  which are capable of producing three-dimensional ,  full-color graphic images used in computer-aided engineering and design .         An earlier generation of microprocessors made by Motorola powers Tektronix ' s existing  line  of technical workstations .  
   NCR Corp .  introduced a new  line  of minicomputers for linking networks of personal computers or terminals in offices .  
 The additional products in the agreement consist of a  line  of hand soaps and soap dispensers sold under the Boraxo and Luron names for the medical market ,  and a hand cleaner line for the automotive market ,  Greyhound said .         A spokeswoman for Greyhound said the negotiations to buy the consumer and industrial lines of the U . S .  Borax 20 Mule Team division were handled separately ,  but that the purchases are expected to close at the same time .  
 Not surprisingly ,  the market ' s strong sales are attracting big food processors .     Carnation Co .  ,  for example ,  is racing to build a national presence with its Contadina Fresh Pasta & Cheese  line  .  
 General Foods Corp .  is testing its Culinova gourmet entrees and Ronzoni refrigerated pasta and sauces .     And Kraft Inc .  recently began testing its Chillery  line  of refrigerated salads as well as pizza kits and pasta-and-sauce dinners .  
 Talley also said it may pay additional stock and cash if McMullen achieves certain earnings over the next five years .     Talley said the purchase is part of its previously announced restructuring plan to focus on government contracting ,  electronic parts and technical services ,  and sell its slow-growing consumer  lines  .  
 Welbilt Corp .  said it agreed to distribute home appliances in the U . S .  for Bimak S . p . A .  ,  a Florence ,  Italy-based maker of consumer appliances .         Welbilt said it will distribute a  line  of small appliances including cappuccino machines ,  irons ,  ice-cream machines and food processors under the Ariete label .  
 A few stores are betting heavily on higher hemlines .     Henri Bendel ,  New York ,  says 90% of its  line  will be short for the spring .  
 Compensation soared to otherworldly levels as young wizards jumped from firm to firm in pursuit of an ever-faster fortune .     Securities firms expanded headlong ,  throwing people and money at  lines  that showed even a glint of promise .  
 The credit  line  ,  to be used for working capital ,  extends through March 31 ,  1990 ,  and replaces a $60 million bank credit line that expired Jan .  31 .         As previously reported ,  International Technology said last month that it needed to negotiate additional credit ,  because cash from operations and existing bank credit wouldn ' t be enough to fund operations until the company receives proceeds from the sale of certain discontinued lines .  
 Digital Equipment lost 4 to close at 120 3/8 .     The company introduced a new  line  of powerful computers called VAX 8800 .  
 Ms .  Preston said she expects the Tandy model will use a chip set from Intel Corp .  ,  Santa Clara ,  Calif .  ,  that mimics the basic operations of the IBM computer .         However ,  a former Tandy employee ,  who asked not to be identified ,  said the key chip set would be made by Chips & Technologies Inc .  ,  a Milpitas ,  Calif .  ,  company that makes chips used by a variety of clone makers to copy IBM ' s first generation personal computer  line  .  
 IBM introduced its PS/2  line  last April ,  partially in a bid to regain market share lost to lower-cost clones .     IBM freely allowed other makers to copy the models in its PC line ,  started in 1981 ,  to help establish its design in the face of competition from Apple Computer Inc .     But inexpensive copies ate into IBM ' s sales ,  and with the PS/2 line IBM indicated it would guard its inventions more closely .  
 The Canadian concern ,  as expected ,  also sought to block payment of so-called breakup fees to Macy from Federated .         Macy ' s SEC filing confirmed its previously reported plans to sell Federated ' s discount-stores  lines  and its Ralphs '  supermarkets unit ,  as well as unspecified department stores .  
 Canada ' s Elizabeth Manley ,  who unexpectedly won a silver medal in figure skating ,  is being considered by three U . S .  companies for ads that would run in Canada and parts of the U . S .  ,  says her agent ,  Michael A .  Rosenberg of Beverly Hills .     Another of his clients ,  U . S .  figure-skater Jill Trenary ,  didn ' t even win a medal but is still being considered by a hair-care  line  ,  he says .  
 Such arrangements would dilute the company ' s control over sales of its technology ,  and could step on the toes of IBM ' s sales representatives and dealers by creating competition for them .         The fact that the Armonk ,  N . Y .  ,  computer giant is willing to consider such arrangements largely reflects its attempt to establish its PS/2  line  as a standard .  
 Some competitors ,  such as Compaq Computer Corp .  ,  have profited since the PS/2 introduction last April by selling to customers who didn ' t want to make the sometimes awkward transition to the new IBM hardware .     IBM itself continues to sell in Europe part of its old  line  of computers ,  and Mr .  Lowe said sales of those products have remained stronger than he expected .  
 Olivetti also is responsible for all personal-computer and workstation development for American Telephone & Telegraph Co .  ,  a relationship that could complicate Olivetti ' s talks with IBM .         In addition ,  clones of IBM ' s PS/2  line  are expected to be marketed in the U . S .  soon .  
   International Business Machines Corp .  labeled as premature a company executive ' s statement that IBM is discussing cooperating with European rivals in its new PS/2  line  of personal computers .  
 Reagan thus becomes the nation ' s sixth-largest outdoor advertising company ,  with about 10 , 000 signs .   .   .   .     Trimming fat ,  Wilson Foods Corp .  says it will follow its recent introduction of a 96% fat-free ham product with a new Deli Lite  line  of low-cholesterol and low-fat deli meats .  
 The stronger sales ,  in fact ,  encouraged GM to reduce the rebate on the models this week ,  to $500 from $600 .     But GM yesterday slapped its first-ever incentive on the new Buick Regal ,  the first in a new  line  of midsize cars the company is counting on to boost market share ,  because of less-than-robust sales .  
 First Boston has been trying to sell Beatrice ' s remaining food businesses ,  including Swift-Eckrich ,  since last September .     But sources said Mr .  Kelly has asked Wasserstein ,  Perella & Co .  -- the new investment banking firm formed by former First Boston merger chiefs Bruce Wasserstein and Joseph Perella -- to peddle Beatrice ' s Tropicana juice  lines  .  
 But sources said Mr .  Kelly has asked Wasserstein ,  Perella & Co .  -- the new investment banking firm formed by former First Boston merger chiefs Bruce Wasserstein and Joseph Perella -- to peddle Beatrice ' s Tropicana juice  lines  .         Sources said it is believed Salomon Inc .  ' s Salomon Brothers Inc .  unit has been asked to sell two other Beatrice lines ,  Hunt tomato products and Wesson cooking oil .  
 The chip is the piece of silicon that actually performs computations .     The Lisp chip is now available only in Texas Instruments '  Explorer II  line  ,  which was introduced last summer .  
 But the company further boosted its shoe- line  development staff by 50% ,  and plans to upgrade its remaining 15 U . S .  factories .     Mr .  Gleason said a number of Wolverine lines ,  including Hush Puppies casual shoes ,  Brooks athletic shoes and Wolverine brand work shoes ,  began using new designs or entered new areas in the past year .  
 While Microsoft would be prevented from selling its older program in Brazil ,  the Redmond ,  Wash .  ,  company would be assured of a possibly larger market for subsequent programs ,  they said .         Meanwhile ,  Brasilia also appears to be retreating from a reported plan to allow a Brazilian company to manufacture an imitation of a widely used  line  of personal computers designed by Apple Computer Inc .  U . S .  trade officials earlier said that Brazil ' s disregard for the patent rights of U . S .  computer makers was another reason for the threatened sanctions .  
   SPARKLING WATER brands aSante and Saratoga are being sold by Anheuser Busch Cos .  ,  along with the Zeltzer Seltzer natural soda  line  .  
   Convex Computer Corp .  today is expected to introduce a new  line  of mini-supercomputers that it hopes will broaden the appeal of the powerful machines beyond the universities and research institutes that have been their mainstay .  
 AT&T ' s last development agreement with a computer concern ,  Sun Microsystems Inc .  ,  eventually led to AT&T taking a stake in that company .     AT&T forged the Sun agreement to improve its own computer  line  .  
 Canadian Jeep/Eagle dealers said sales have also suffered in Canada because customers appear somewhat confused over the market niche that Premier is attempting to fill .     Though the Premier is aimed directly at Ford Motor Co .  ' s Taurus and Sable  line  ,  some Canadian dealers said buyers expected a less expensive car in a price range similar to the low-price subcompact models AMC formerly built .  
 Then came talk that a French concern wanted to acquire U . S .  consumer products companies such as Chicago Pacific or the Sunbeam unit of Allegheny International ,  which filed for Chapter 11 protection from creditors last weekend .         There is also the new  " Elite "   line  of Hoover vacuums ,  due to be unveiled March 16 at a Plaza Hotel gala in New York .  
   Control Data Corp .  enhanced its general-purpose mainframe computer  line  with four top-end machines featuring larger memories and more computing capacity .  
   Greyhound Corp .  said it agreed to purchase the Borateem ,  Boraxo and 20 Mule Team household products  lines  and assets from the U . S .  Borax & Chemical Corp .  unit of London-based RTZ Corp .  
 Kodak also disclosed flaws that lower the supposed 10-year life of its Ultralife nine-volt batteries .     Black & Decker ,  one of Kodak ' s largest battery customers ,  is pulling thousands of flashlights from stores and stopping shipment of a new  line  of smoke detectors that carried the battery .  
 Intertorg Inc .  ,  a Sacramento ,  Calif .  ,  importer ,  plans to set up a separate company to introduce Soviet fashions to the U . S .  ,  particularly the creations of Mr .  Zaitsev -- designer to Raisa Gorbachev and the Bolshoi Ballet .         Another group is negotiating to license a  line  of clothing created by a team of 20 American and Soviet designers .  
 The Soviets '  couture has gotten quite haute of late ,  their fashion spokesmen insist .     Designers there haven ' t any intention of flooding the U . S .  with Siberia-made ,  scratchy woolen socks or a  line  of apres-bowling wear .  
 But the company is finding synergy between beer and the snack-food business a tougher nut to crack .     Anheuser expects its Eagle Brand snack  line  to lose at least $10 million this year ,  and Mr .  Ritter wouldn ' t estimate for analysts when the line might become profitable .  
 That ' s bad news for Black & Decker Corp .  ,  one of its large customers .     Black & Decker said it is pulling thousands of flashlights from store shelves and stopping shipment on a new  line  of smoke detectors that carried Kodak ' s so-called Ultralife nine-volt battery .  
 However ,  the batteries didn ' t reach the mass market until the next year because of problems gearing up production .         Kodak also markets a  line  of Japanese-made alkaline batteries .  
   Noxell Corp .  is about to give its Clarion cosmetics  line  a new advertising look .  
 The account is expected to bill about $20 million this year ,  making it one of the largest cosmetics accounts in the U . S .         Lintas ,  which has had Noxell as a client for 41 years ,  will continue to create ads for the Hunt Valley ,  Md .  ,  company ' s Cover Girl makeup and Noxema skin cream  lines  .  
 The spokesman said that Noxell has told the company that the Clarion products will be repackaged and further promoted .      " We are going to stay with the  line  because Noxell has historically been a good vendor for us ,  "  he added .  
 The Noxell spokeswoman said that the company doesn ' t break out sales of its individual product  lines  ,  but that Clarion sales are  " right on target "  with the company ' s expectations .         Marketed mostly in drug stores ,  the Clarion line uses computers to help customers choose their makeup shades .  
 Mr .  Mottus said Noxell will probably have to focus on one or the other in its advertising .         Mr .  Mottus added that Noxell may have been  " spoiled by "  the success of its Cover Girl  line  .  
 Polaroid Corp .  disclosed Friday it is seeking $5 . 7 billion in damages from Kodak as a result of its successful patent infringement suit .     And Black & Decker Corp .  last week said it was pulling two  lines  of flashlights off the shelves because of flaws in the Kodak Ultralife nine-volt lithium batteries that power them .  
 Warner-Lambert Co .  said it definitively agreed to acquire certain candy  lines  from RJR Nabisco Inc .  and added that it expects first-quarter per-share earnings to rise 20% .         Terms of the candy lines transaction weren ' t disclosed .  
 But those shortages should ease as the year progresses .         In addition ,  IBM ,  which has been heavily discounting parts of its latest PC  line  ,  has indicated it will put very low prices on some products it will bring out this year .     IBM said last week ,  for instance ,  that by roughly year end ,  it will have a product at the price of its entry-level Model 25 but that contains the central processor used in its Models 50 and 60 ,  which are the middle of its line and cost far more than the Model 25 .  
 Computer Automation Inc .  is an obscure ,  thinly traded California company that has been plunged into a patent controversy in the fractious personal computer market .         At issue is a Computer Automation design that International Business Machines Corp .  quietly arranged to use inside its new  line  of personal computers ,  the PS/2 .  
 Rumors circulated about the patent last year ,  but information was scarce until Computer Automation last month made a second announcement .     It said the patent covered a memory process used inside the top models of the PS/2  line  ,  and said IBM would pay the firm an undisclosed royalty on sales of those models .  
 Mr .  Richman said Glenview ,  Ill . -based Kraft expects profit increases for the year ,  but didn ' t specify how much .         Earnings also are expected to benefit from a lower tax rate ,  a productivity-improvement campaign that could reduce expenses $25 million and the divestiture of Kraft ' s Duracell battery unit ,  Celestial Seasonings tea  line  ,  citrus business and Avoset ,  a contract packer ,  the company said .  
 Anticipated shelf life of the products would range from two to four weeks .     Last year Kraft test-marketed a  line  of chilled chocolates and salads .  
 Allegis rose 7/8 to 72 on volume of 473 , 600 shares .         Ashton-Tate unveiled a new  line  of dBASE IV data base management software designed for OS-2 and MS-DOS-based personal computers .  
 Gerald Greenwald ,  chairman of Chrysler ' s Chrysler Motors unit ,  said that Mitsubishi Motors Corp .  will produce the car in Japan until a new Chrysler-Mitsubishi joint-venture plant in Normal ,  Ill .  ,  is completed in 1989 .     The Summit will be the third car in the Eagle  line  of Chrysler ' s new Jeep/Eagle division .  
 In Miami ,  the wealthiest Latin enclave in the U . S .  ,  American Express Co .  plans to feature prominent Hispanics in a Spanish-language version of its Portraits campaign .         And Campbell ,  aside from promoting its soup ,  is making a major push into the Hispanic market with a  line  of Caribbean-type foods .  
 Mr .  Canion also said Compaq ,  which has traditionally tried to outpace IBM in hardware enhancements ,  was following IBM in announcing the availability of OS/2 because the operating system  " is an area where you don ' t want two companies fighting over which version is right .  "         IBM maintains that OS/2 will run faster and with clearer graphics on its Personal System/2  line  of computers than on comparable Compaq computers .  
 The Japanese ,  meanwhile ,  are emphasizing luxury cars with hot engines and prices under $30 , 000 .     Nissan Motor Co .  and Toyota Motor Co .  plan to unveil new luxury  lines  in 1989 .  
 However ,  only $18 . 1 million ,  or 39 cents a share ,  was attributable to ongoing activities ,  with earnings of $80 . 3 million coming from the Greyhound Capital Corp .  operation that was sold in October 1986 .         In the latest quarter ,  profit attributable to continuing  lines  was $18 . 5 million ,  or 49 cents a share .  
 International Business Machines Corp .  disclosed that its computer hardware profit margins rose at the end of 1987 ,  surprising industry analysts and suggesting that its long spell of eroding profitability may finally be over .         Separately ,  industry sources said IBM will make a major mainframe announcement next Tuesday ,  and speculated that it will include long-awaited software enhancements that would serve as a midlife kicker for IBM ' s tiring mainframe  line  .  
 Isoetec Communications Inc .  of Darien ,  Conn .  ,  and Vodavi Technology Corp .  ,  Scottsdale ,  Ariz .  ,  said they completed their planned purchase of the Executone division of Contel Corp .  for $61 million .         Each company purchased a 50% stake in Executone ,  which markets and services a  line  of business telephone systems .  
 Analysts read the results ,  which were in  line  with most estimates ,  as indicating that Compaq is still successfully beating back competition from IBM ' s new PS/2 line .     The most powerful computers in that line ,  which challenge Compaq ' s microcomputers aimed at big businesses ,  weren ' t available in large quantities until the fourth quarter .  
   H . J .  Heinz Co .  ,  whose Star-Kist  line  is a major producer of tuna and pet foods ,  said it agreed to acquire closely held Bumble Bee Seafoods Inc .  of San Diego .  
 The latest quarter includes a gain of $2 . 5 million ,  or one cent a share ,  from discontinued operations .     Year-earlier results include a $2 . 5 million loss from discontinued  lines  .  
 Analysts estimate IBM shipped only 3 , 000 to 4 , 000 units .         The Postal Service contract alone could produce purchases of as many as 904 IBM minicomputers -- either the various models of the 9370  line  or a model of the more powerful 4300 line .  
   Qmax Technology Group Inc .  ,  Dayton ,  Ohio ,  said it is offering a new  line  of skin-treatment gels for use by cosmetic companies in their skin-care products .  
 E-II was named as Esmark ' s reincarnation .         Since April 1986 ,  he has sold or taken public eight major parts of Beatrice ,  including its International Playtex Inc .  personal products  lines  and Avis rental car chain ,  for about $6 . 1 billion .     Kohlberg Kravis and its investors are about even on their investment ,  and Beatrice ' s most valuable food lines are still unsold .  
   Donald Kelly is holding talks with Kohlberg Kravis that could lead to another Beatrice Co .  spinoff ,  or to Mr .  Kelly buying one or more of Beatrice ' s huge food  lines  .  
 Nashua Corp .  said it agreed to buy low-priced copiers and related supplies from Mita Industrial Co .  of Japan for distribution outside the U . S .         Nashua said the Mita  line  will complement the midrange Ricoh Co .  copiers and expensive International Business Machines Corp .  copiers it distributes outside the U . S .  
 Operating profit ,  excluding a sharp rise in interest expense ,  more than quadrupled to $43 . 6 million ,  mainly because of a rebound in the filmed entertainment unit ,  which had $24 . 5 million in pretax earnings ,  compared with a year-earlier operating loss of $49 . 4 million .     But MCA said its toy products had a pretax loss of $21 . 6 million ,  compared with year-earlier profit of $10 million ,  because of disappointing sales and shipment delays in the Gotcha !  toy  line  .  
   Weyerhaeuser Co .  said earnings in its fourth quarter ended Dec .  27 jumped 35% on a 23% sales increase ,  as the dollar ' s decline strengthened markets for many  lines  .  
 During Mr .  Gray ' s tenure at United Technologies ,  the company bet billions of dollars on two new engines that ,  so far at least ,  aren ' t paying off .     Mr .  Gray canceled a third engine project ,  leaving a gaping hole in Pratt & Whitney ' s  line  that fancy engineering footwork permitted GE to fill .  
 Chanel also plans to run ads in The Wall Street Journal .         Consultants to the beauty-products business believe Estee Lauder Inc .  and Cosmair Inc .  ' s Lancome  line  are likely to follow archrival Chanel ' s lead in testing new media .  
 Moreover ,  Mr .  Gray said ,  Towers are so-called  " open-architecture "  computers ,  meaning they are easily adaptable to equipment made by other companies .         Analysts said a few other  lines  -- notably Digital Equipment Corp .  ' s MicroVAX II and a series made by San Jose ,  Calif . -based Altos Computer Systems Inc .  -- are equally tractable .  
 He will be responsible for a reorganized marketing organization ,  and will continue to oversee sales ,  service and parts operations .          " This realignment puts cars and trucks under one organization ,  "  Mr .  Iacocca said in a statement yesterday ,   " and will allow us to place increased concentration on domestic product-development activities for all car and truck  lines  .  "  
 Sequent makes computers that harness as many as 30 so-called parallel microprocessors to provide the power of a conventional mainframe computer for a much lower cost .     In the fourth quarter ,  Sequent shipped 80 computer systems ,  37 of which represented the initial shipments of its new Symmetry  line  of computers that use Intel Corp .  ' s state-of-the-art 80386 microprocessors .  
   The long-awaited clones of International Business Machines Corp .  ' s new PS/2  line  of personal computers could be on dealers '  shelves as soon as May -- and even if customers aren ' t that eager for them ,  Big Blue ' s lawyers are .  
 First ,  IBM will be taking steps to improve the position of its 9370 minicomputer ,  by far the company ' s worst product disappointment of 1987 .     In addition ,  one of IBM ' s biggest new products of the year will be a potentially lucrative addition to its midrange  line  .  
 Terms weren ' t disclosed .         Motorola ,  a maker of semiconductors and electronic equipment ,  said the division ,  which has annual sales of about $35 million ,  will complement its existing  line  of radio frequency semiconductors ,  which are used in mobile communications ,  cable television distribution ,  avionics ,  and other consumer and industrial applications .  
 Such criticism ,  particularly on the need for new products ,   " is an easy answer but I ' m not sure it ' s the right answer ,  "  counters Mr .  Ferri .      " Our traditional competitors don ' t have a much broader  line  ,  but they do better financially than we do .  
 Marketers '  new interest in children reaches far beyond toy counters ,  however .     Sony Corp .  last year introduced its My First Sony  line  of audio products for children four and up .  
 Thus ,  even companies that don ' t sell to children have come to recognize the need ,  as Texas A&M ' s Mr .  McNeal puts it ,   " to start growing their customers early .  "     Black & Decker Corp .  has licensed its name to a  line  of toys that are miniature versions of its small appliances .  
 In addition ,  the company is demanding that dealers assign special showroom space ,  sales personnel and service technicians to the Yugo cars .     Without this commitment ,  Mr .  Prior worries that dealers will pay more attention to their main car  line  and  " orphan "  the Yugo ,  just as sales for all auto makers are heading into a slump .  
 Quarterly sales grew in flight systems ,  which includes Sikorsky helicopters ,  and defense electronics and aircraft products  lines ; building systems ,  primarily Otis elevators and Carrier air-conditioning systems; and industrial products ,  such as automotive products ,  Essex wire and cable ,  and control systems .         Sales slipped less than 1% ,  however ,  in the segment that includes the Pratt & Whitney engine lines .  
 Analysts say P&G ,  which has been selling upgraded disposable diapers in Europe ,  recently has come back strongly there as a result of an international restructuring and is increasing its market share .     P&G sells Ultra Pampers and Ultra Pampers Plus ,  a more absorbent diaper  line  that has improved fasteners ,  Mr .  Freedman said .  
 Revenue for the latest period jumped to $14 million from $8 . 7 million .         Software ' s president and chief executive officer ,  Fred M .  Gibbons ,  said:  " The continued strength in sales growth is a direct result of our success in selling to corporate accounts ,  "  with the company ' s Harvard Graphics and First Choice software  lines  pacing the advance .  
 The sale agreement is subject to the approval of both companies '  boards and is expected to be completed by May 1 .     As part of the transaction ,  Avon will keep a minority interest in Foster ' s intravenous therapy  line  .  
 Compaq Computer Corp .  cut prices on its midlevel computers by 10% ,  citing a  " substantial increase "  in manufacturing capacity and a desire to maintain the models '  competitive position .         The company cut prices on its  line  of computers built around the Intel Corp .  80286 microchip ,  now the mainstay of medium-priced machines compatible with International Business Machines Corp .  computers .  
 The agency ultimately could force a recall of the cars .     Whatever the case ,  the questions raised about the H-body cars aren ' t good news for GM ,  which already is suffering from sluggish sales of its broader  line  of vehicles .  
   McCormick & Co .  ,  a maker of spices ,  flavorings and other food products ,  said it agreed in principle to acquire the Spice Islands  line  of spices ,  herbs and vinegars from Specialty Brands Inc .  ,  a subsidiary of United Biscuits PLC .  
   Campbell Soup Co .  said it agreed in principle to acquire the Marie ' s  line  of refrigerated salad dressings ,  the ripe olives business and an olive processing plant in Spain from the Specialty Brands Inc .  unit of United Biscuits PLC .  
 As previously reported ,  Apple is expected to use the same forum to announce tomorrow a formal agreement with Digital Equipment Corp .  for joint development of products that link computers made by the two companies .         Apple ' s new LaserWriter II family of printers ,  which will replace its previous  line  of laser printers ,  will be priced from $2 , 799 to $6 , 599 .  
 Mr .  Blumenthal said initial results have been encouraging for products designed to win new customers .     The A1 ,  the low end of a strategic  line  of midrange computers ,  sold faster than Unisys could produce them in the fourth quarter ,  he said .  
 Most were eventually sold .         In July ,  Mr .  Kelly took Beatrice ' s non-food and specialty  lines  public as E-II .     American Brands '  lines of cigarette ,  liquor and other consumer brands fit Mr .  Kelly ' s expansion strategy .  
 West Point-Pepperell Inc .  ,  West Point ,  Ga .  ,  posted a 4 . 7% rise in fiscal first-quarter profit from continuing operations .     A 21% to 24% jump in sales of textiles wasn ' t matched by the company ' s apparel  lines  .  
 B . A . T ,  a tobacco ,  retailing and financial services company with interests ranging from Kool cigarettes to Saks Fifth Avenue department stores ,  said it targeted Farmers last summer as a vehicle for its long-expected expansion into the U . S .  financial services industry .     In recent years ,  B . A . T has been diversifying into faster-growing businesses such as insurance and mortgage lending and away from its slower-growing tobacco  lines  .  
 Revenue rose 16% to $20 . 7 million from $17 . 8 million .         The San Diego-based distributor of women ' s sportswear said the loss resulted from losses of $580 , 000 from the sale of marketable securities following Black Monday ,  as well as development costs for new private-label  lines  .  
 But billings for that account are understood to be smaller than those originally projected for the Revlon account .         Separately ,  advertising agency executives confirmed that Hill ,  Holiday ,  Connors ,  Cosmopulos Inc .  has been selected to develop advertising for Revlon ' s new Clean & Clear haircare products  line  .  
 Godfather ' s has introduced a less expensive ,  thin-crusted pie used in its two-for-one specials .     It developed the economy  line  because  " we didn ' t want to cannibalize our premium-product sales ,  "  Mr .  Henderson says .  
 Burnt by early-1980s problems of excess capacity ,  a stagnant market and poor profit margins ,  chemical manufacturers shed plants and products drastically until about two years ago ,  when the restructuring began to show modest profits .     Now companies have entered a holding pattern -- cautiously finding ways to increase output with minor adjustments ,  expanding specialty  lines  where they have little competition ,  and beginning to diversify into related products .  
 Minstar said it will concentrate on boat manufacturing through its 82% ownership of Genmar Industries Inc .         Minstar ' s sports  lines  include Ben Hogan golf clubs ,  Head tennis and ski equipment ,  and swimming gear .  
   Whirlpool Corp .  said it will discontinue its Whirlpool brand  line  of floor-care products by the second quarter of 1988 .  
 Whirlpool Corp .  said it will discontinue its Whirlpool brand  line  of floor-care products by the second quarter of 1988 .         The Benton Harbor ,  Mich . -based maker of major home appliances said although the floor-care business is still attractive ,  the  " premium niche "  that its brand line targets has become increasingly competitive and less profitable since its entry into the market in 1985 .  
 Maytag acquired the plant in 1986 at the time of its acquisition of Magic Chef Co .  ,  Admiral ' s former parent .         Maytag said the first phase of the Galesburg project ,  begun last year ,  is scheduled for completion next year and will enable it to produce its first  line  of refrigerators and freezers bearing the Maytag name .  
  " Two or three years ago ,  that was unheard of .  "         He said the decline also is due in part to fiercer competition from other Japanese and Korean auto makers that introduced new car  lines  in 1987 .  
 Bayer also declines comment .     ICI ,  which has the Stuart  line  ,  including Mylanta ,  says it  " wouldn ' t foreclose on any interest in expanding its pharmaceutical group .  "  
 In 1985 ,  the company shed a number of its non-food businesses .     It spun off its toy businesses to create Kenner Parker Toys Inc .  and its Izod and Ship  ' n Shore fashion  lines  and Monet jewelry unit into Crystal Brands Inc .  
 The division makes computer storage tapes for commercial customers .     The company said the planned sale will permit it to concentrate on its more lucrative military  lines  of computer products .  
  " But ours were up 50% in December over last year ,  and we think after-Christmas sales look strong too .  "         Helen of Troy ' s chief business stems from being North American licensee for the Vidal Sassoon trademark on its  line  of appliances and accessories .  
 Analysts have speculated that Bell & Howell might sell its mail-handling equipment business or its international operations after the merger is finalized .     A spokesman for Bell & Howell ,  a publishing and information services company based in Skokie ,  Ill .  ,  wouldn ' t say which  lines  might be sold .  
 National Medical ,  a closely held concern ,  provides kidney dialysis products and services .         Grace said it raised its stake as part of a strategy to build a medical technology business within Grace to complement certain existing specialty-chemical  lines  .  
 American Home ,  which is much larger than Robins ,  would probably have absorbed Robins completely ,  according to analysts .     Rorer said in its most recent bid last week that it would sell Robins ' s prized consumer drug  lines  after a merger .  
   NCR Corp .  unveiled two models of its Tower  line  of midrange computers and introduced advanced networking software to allow the Tower family to operate as a central hub in a network of computers .  
 Mr .  Achenbaum has counted among his clients some of the most visible blue-chip advertisers in the country ,  including Nissan ,  Toyota ,  Seagram and Backer Spielvogel clients Hyundai and J . P .  Morgan .     At Backer Spielvogel ,  he will work with clients and potential clients on marketing strategies; aside from agency compensation issues ,  he helped Nissan ,  for example ,  come up with its positioning and pricing for its new Infiniti  line  .  
 In Detroit ,  a Chrysler Corp .  official said the company currently has no rear-seat lap and shoulder belts in its light trucks ,  but plans to begin phasing them in by the end of the 1990 model year .     He said Chrysler fully expects to have them installed across its light-truck  line  by the Sept .  1 ,  1991 ,  deadline .  
 The additional technology ,  personnel training and promotional effort can be expensive .     Chemical Bank spent more than $50 million to introduce its ChemPlus  line  ,  several packages aimed at different segments ,  in 1986 ,  according to Thomas Jacob ,  senior vice president of marketing .  
 Reed International PLC said that net income for the six months ended Oct .  1 slipped 5% to #89 . 7 million ($141 . 9 million) ,  or 16 pence a share ,  from #94 . 8 million ($149 . 9 million) ,  or 17 . 3 pence a share .         The British paper ,  packaging and publishing concern ,  said profit from continuing  lines  fell 10% to #118 million from #130 . 6 million .  
   Dell Computer Corp .  said it cut prices on several of its personal computer  lines  by 5% to 17% .  
  " It ' s quite a bombshell ,  "  said one ,  adding that the offer could spark a period of industry consolidation .         The two companies would appear to be a logical fit because of their complementary  lines  ,  and analysts described the offer ,  representing a 36% premium over Nekoosa ' s market price ,  as fair .  
 In New York Stock Exchange composite trading Friday ,  Aetna closed at $60 ,  down 50 cents .         In the latest quarter ,  Aetna had a $23 million loss on its auto/homeowners  line  ,  compared with earnings of $33 million last year .  
 Ultimate expects the 3 1/2-year agreement to generate $100 million in sales ,  but it wouldn ' t estimate profit .         Under terms of the pact ,  Ultimate ,  a computer-systems concern ,  will market the full  line  of HP 9000 series 800 multipleuser minicomputers .  
 Milton Roy recently fended off unsolicited overtures from Thermo Electron Corp .  ,  a Waltham ,  Mass .  ,  maker of biomedical products .     Milton Roy disclosed in May that it was approached for a possible acquisition by Thermo Electron ,  which agreed to purchase Milton Roy ' s liquid-chromatography  line  for $22 million in February .  
 Then Procter & Gamble Co .  agreed to buy Noxell Corp .  for $1 . 3 billion .     That acquisition ,  to be completed by year end ,  will include the Cover Girl and Clarion makeup  lines  ,  making P&G the top marketer of cosmetics in mass-market outlets .  
 As the trend continues ,  demand for mass-market items that are high quality but only mid-priced -- particularly skin-care products -- is expected to increase .     This fall ,  for example ,  L ' Oreal Group ,  ordinarily a high-end  line  ,  rolled out a drug-store line of skin-care products called Plenitude ,  which retail for $5 to $15 .  
 Accessories not only sell faster than whole bikes ,  they also offer profit margins nearly double the 25% to 30% or so on sales of complete cycles .     To get a piece of the business ,  Nike Inc .  ,  Beaverton ,  Ore .  ,  introduced a  line  of mountain-bike shoes .  
   General Motors Corp .  ' s Chevrolet division said it is offering $750 cash incentives on all 1990 models of its full-size Blazer and Suburban truck  lines  .  
 Margeotes ,  whose clients include Godiva and Maccabee beer ,  has had a string of new business wins .     It recently picked up the ad accounts for Haagen-Dazs ,  Newsday and for a number of jewelry  lines  from Crystal Brands .  
 Sales rose 8% to $785 . 1 million from $725 . 6 million .         Avon said sales in the direct-selling division dropped 2% as sales of new products ,  especially gift and jewelry  lines  ,  were below expectations .  
  " It ' s the fourth quarter and what might linger beyond that .  "         Last month ,  Avon executives indicated that the company would experience a $75 million to $90 million revenue shortage due to weakness in its gift and decorative  lines  .  
 Kellogg ' s current share is believed to be slightly under 40% while General Mills '  share is about 27% .         Led by its oat-based Cheerios  line  ,  General Mills has gained an estimated 2% share so far this year ,  mostly at the expense of Kellogg .  
 Kellogg is so anxious to turn around Corn Flakes sales that it soon will begin selling boxes for as little as 99 cents ,  trade sources say .          " Cheerios and Honey Nut Cheerios have eaten away sales normally going to Kellogg ' s corn-based  lines  simply because they are made of oats ,  "  says Merrill Lynch food analyst William Maguire .  
   Bausch & Lomb Inc .  said it plans to introduce next year a new  line  of sunglasses containing melanin ,  the pigment that protects against damage from ultraviolet rays .  
   Cray Research Inc .  forecast that 1990 will be a no-growth year for its supercomputer  line  .  
   Adolph Coors Co .  said its Coors Brewing Co .  unit will test market a new  line  of bottled water in the West beginning early next year .  
 Honda says the five-cylinder engine provides a compromise between the fuel-economy of a four-cylinder ,  and the power of a V-6 .     It is rumored to be bound for a new model in the luxury Acura  line  in the U . S .  ,  but Honda officials wouldn ' t comment .  
 But those dollars at risk pale in comparison to the investment required to make and ship spring goods to Campeau stores .          " The few million dollars I could lose today is nothing against what I could lose on the spring  line  ,  "  says Mr .  Levy ,  who estimates that Campeau stores will sell $25 million worth of his clothes this year .  
   The hottest rivalry in the computer industry intensified sharply yesterday as Digital Equipment Corp .  announced its first  line  of mainframe computers ,  targeting International Business Machines Corp .  ' s largest market .  
 The hottest rivalry in the computer industry intensified sharply yesterday as Digital Equipment Corp .  announced its first  line  of mainframe computers ,  targeting International Business Machines Corp .  ' s largest market .         IBM fired back with new mainframes of its own ,  extending the long-dominant 3090 line with a 7% to 14% power boost .  
 In addition to commercial markets ,  Digital ' s new  line  targets the low end of the engineering and scientific supercomputer market ,  when it ' s packaged with an optional supercharger ,  known as a vector processor .         Digital ' s push into mainframes comes at a time when its mainstay minicomputer line is under growing pressure from smaller personal computers and workstations that operate on standard operating systems rather than on the proprietary systems that older minicomputers use .  
  " We have a good strong backlog for the fourth quarter even without "  the systems that were announced yesterday .         But the 3090  line  is nearly five years old -- which is getting up there in mainframe years -- and its growth is expected to slow in 1990 .  
 Barry Bryant ,  an analyst with Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc .  ,  said Tandy also has suffered from lethargic sales of its computers aimed at the home and small-office market ,  which are less-advanced and cheaper than computers aimed at the corporate market .         Tandy has added several new products to that  line  ,  including a laptop computer priced around $1 , 000 ,  and is focusing its advertising on the easy-to-use software that is packaged with its machines .  
 He says it ' s important for a new make to be as distinctive as possible while still retaining links to the parent company ' s quality image .     He applauds Toyota and Nissan Motor Co .  for creating separate divisions for their new luxury models ,  rather than simply adding more nameplates to their standard car  lines  .  
 As a senior vice president ,  he has headed the company ' s designer lingerie division ,  Oscar de la Renta ,  since its inception in 1988 .     To maintain exclusivity of that designer  line  ,  it isn ' t labeled with the Maidenform name .  
 GM ' s interest in Jaguar reflects a desire to help diversify the U . S .  company ' s products in the growing luxury-car segment of the market .     Its Opel  line  has a solid image and a recent string of highly successful new models ,  but it lacks Jaguar ' s cachet .  
 Winnebago was hit especially hard in the latest downturn because unit sales in its bread-and-butter motor home business tumbled 25% industrywide in August ,  and 10 . 4% in the first eight months of the year .     The company said it also suffered in the quarter from incentive programs ,  losses from discontinuing a motor home  line  and costs of developing a new commercial vehicle ,  among other things .  
   MCA Inc .  said its toy-making unit agreed to buy Buddy L Corp .  ,  producer of a  line  of toy vehicles and preschool products .  
 Designer Sandra Garratt filed for Chapter 7 Bankruptcy Code protection ,  saying that her cash flow had been cut off .         The designer ,  whose  line  of modular ,  one-size-fits-all clothing has spawned a host of clones ,  has been in a dispute with her latest licensee ,  Jerell Inc .  for several months .  
 The designer ' s attorney ,  Molly Bartholow ,  said that Ms .  Garratt was forced to start bankruptcy-law proceedings because Jerell began withholding her royalty payments last month .         Jerell paid Ms .  Garratt royalties for the  line  known as Multiples by Sandra Garratt ,  which are sold primarily through department stores .     Ms .  Garratt sued the Dallas apparel maker earlier this year ,  charging that Jerell developed and marketed clothing lines fashioned after her designs ,  in violation of their contract .  
 When fully operational ,  the Guadalajara factory will employ about 1 , 500 workers and have annual operating expenses of $5 million to $6 million .         An AT&T representative said that the Guadalajara factory will make a full  line  of answering machines .  
 Kurzweil ,  Waltham ,  Mass .  ,  makes digital electronic keyboard instruments used by professional recording musicians .     It recently introduced a  line  for the home market .  
 He said the toy company ' s  " prospects for a strong fourth quarter "  are also good .         Mattel attributed the jump in quarter net to strong world-wide sales of its Barbie doll ,  Hot Wheels cars ,  Disney toys and other well-known toy  lines  .  
  " They ' ve got a lot of different balls in the air at the same time ,  "  observes Jim Poyner ,  a computer securities analyst with Dallas-based William K .  Woodruff & Co .  Mr .  Dell ,  meanwhile ,  concedes the company was  " definitely too optimistic "  in its expectations .         Product delays ,  however ,  have left Dell buffeted by harsher competition in its bread-and-butter  line  of desktop computers ,  as powerhouse competitors Compaq Computer Corp .  and International Business Machines Corp .  price their PCs more aggressively .  
 Sluggish sales of the Beretta and Corsica spurred GM to offer $800 rebates on those cars .     The Corsica and Beretta make up the highest-volume car  line  at Chevrolet ,  but sales of the cars are off 9 . 6% for the year ,  and fell a steep 34 . 2% early this month .  
 He blames imports .         But just down Seventh Avenue ,  where about 75% of U . S .  fur garments are made ,  Larry Rosen has acquired two retail outlets ,  broadened his fur-making  line  and expanded into leather .  
 Inspired by imports ,  Mr .  Rosen now makes fur muffs ,  hats and flings .     This year he produced a men ' s  line  and offers dyed furs in red ,  cherry red ,  violet ,  royal blue and forest green .  
  " It ' s the missing link "  in Olivetti ' s product  line  between small personal computers and higher-priced minicomputers ,  the Olivetti spokesman said .     He added that Olivetti will continue making its LSX minicomputer line .  
 A spokesman also said margins for the company ' s service business narrowed somewhat because of heavy investments made in that sector .         The lack of a strong product at the high end of Digital ' s  line  was a significant drag on sales .  
 He added gross margins and operating profit  " eroded quite dramatically "  from the prior quarter ,  along with sales of existing software product  lines  like Multimate and Framework .          " The success of a new product in the database line is needed .  
   General Motors Corp .  ' s Chevrolet division ,  reacting to slow sales ,  said it will offer $800 rebates on its 1990 Beretta ,  the two-door version of its core compact-car  line  .  
 Sluggish sales of the Beretta ,  and its four-door sister car ,  the Corsica ,  prompted GM to idle the two plants that build the automobiles for a total of three weeks this month .     The Corsica and Beretta make up the highest-volume car  line  at Chevrolet ,  but sales of the vehicles are off 9 . 6% for the year ,  and fell a steep 34% during early October .  
 New customers ,  the source of higher commissions for salespeople and the key to Wang ' s long-term viability ,  are even tougher .     Rick Lynch ,  a former top salesman in Wang ' s Boston office ,  referring to Wang ' s mainstay computer  line  ,  says:  " You can ' t sell a VS to a new customer .  "  
   Renault and DAF Trucks NV announced a preliminary agreement to jointly manufacture a  line  of trucks in Britain and France .  
   Digital Equipment Corp .  is planning a big coming-out party on Tuesday for its first  line  of mainframe computers .  
 The heightened competition will hit IBM at a difficult time .     The computer giant ' s current mainframe  line  ,  which has sold well and has huge profit margins ,  is starting to show its age .  
 Amdahl Corp .  ,  backed by Japan ' s Fujitsu Ltd .  ,  has a growing share of the market with its low-priced ,  IBM-compatible machines .     And National Advanced Systems ,  a joint venture of Japan ' s Hitachi Ltd .  and General Motors Corp .  ' s Electronic Data Systems ,  is expected to unveil a  line  of powerful IBM-compatible mainframes later this year .  
 Aimed at commercial photographers ,  the film can be used in very low light without sacrificing quality ,  says Donald Franz of Photofinishing Newsletter .         Also trying to snare a portion of the $2 billion-a-year industry is Agfa Corp .  ,  a unit of Bayer AG .  Agfa recently signed Olympic gold medalist Florence Griffith-Joyner to endorse a new  line  of black-and-white paper that ' s geared to consumers and will compete directly with Kodak ' s papers .  
 Automatic call processors will provide that system for virtually any telephone ,  Mr .  Pierce said ,  not just phones produced by Elcotel .         The company will also be producing a new  line  of convenience telephones ,  which don ' t accept coins ,  for use in hotel lobbies ,  office lobbies ,  hospitality lounges and similar settings .  
 Maxtor said its results were boosted by $2 million in payments received from a supplier ,  for a certain  line  of products that Maxtor isn ' t going to sell anymore .     Maxtor said effects from discontinuing the line may have a positive effect on future earnings and revenue .  
        NEW ACCOUNT: Procter & Gamble Co .  ,  Cincinnati ,  awarded the ad accounts for its  line  of Professional Crisco vegetable shortening and oil products to Northlich ,  Stolley ,  LaWarre ,  Cincinnati .  
   Sony Corp .  won a pretrial order blocking U . S .  sales of Justin Products Inc .  ' s  " My Own "   line  of portable audio players for children .  
 Sony Corp .  won a pretrial order blocking U . S .  sales of Justin Products Inc .  ' s  " My Own "   line  of portable audio players for children .         Judge John E .  Sprizzo issued the order in Manhattan federal court ,  where Sony has accused the tiny company of illegally knocking off the  " My First Sony "  line .  
 The disk drives will doubtless sell well when they finally become available .     But the AS/400 ,  IBM ' s highly successful minicomputer  line  ,  is losing its momentum ,  and some analysts said sales could even decline in the fourth quarter .  
 The latest evidence of that is the decision to idle the Fairfax ,  Kan .  ,  plant that makes the Grand Prix less than three weeks into the new model year .         The Grand Prix is one of GM ' s newest  lines  of cars ,  the so-called GM-10 midsized cars .  
 In the year-earlier period ,  Hasbro earned $18 . 1 million ,  or 31 cents a share ,  on $368 . 4 million in revenue .         The Pawtucket ,  R . I .  ,  manufacturer is counting on Record Breakers ,  a new  line  of high-performance model race cars now being rushed to market .  
 Mattel Inc .  ,  based in Hawthorne ,  Calif .  ,  is expected to report more bullish numbers than it did a year ago .     Helped by booming sales in its Barbie doll  line  ,  Hot Wheels racing cars and Disney toys for preschoolers ,  Mattel ' s per-share earnings should jump by better than 50% to about 70 cents ,  estimates Mr .  McGowan .  
 At Pittsburgh ' s ASP Inc .  ,  which introduced its first anti-virus software in 1985 ,   " We shipped out 80 copies (at $35 each) last week ,  "  says founder Fred Cohen ,  who presented the first computer virus to the research community in 1983 .         After adding Certus ,  a $189 anti-virus computer program ,  to its  line  of systems management software in early 1988 ,  Foundation Ware Inc .  ,  Cleveland ,  has quadrupled sales every quarter ,  says founder Peter Tippett .  
 Others undoubtedly will follow ,  but most analysts believe Compaq has at least a six-month lead on the competition .     Toshiba ' s  line  of portables ,  for example ,  features the T-1000 ,  which is in the same weight class but is much slower and has less memory ,  and the T-1600 ,  which also uses a 286 microprocessor ,  but which weighs almost twice as much and is three times the size .  
 Replied a Justin salesman:  " Exactly .  "     The Justin merchandise carried wholesale prices some 40% below those of Sony Corp .  of Japan ' s  " My First Sony "   line  .  
 Now Sony ,  whose innovative ,  premium-priced products are among the most admired in consumer electronics ,  is bitterly complaining about a little U . S .  firm with a cheap look-alike produced in China .          " The gist of this is that Justin knocked off the Sony  line  and Sony wants to stop it ,  "  says Lewis H .  Eslinger ,  Sony ' s attorney ,  who previously guarded Rubik ' s Cube .  (Sony itself declines to comment . ) If Sony wins ,  Mr .  Eslinger says ,  its little rival will have to try to sell the products overseas .  
 Mr .  Kaye denies the suit ' s charges and says his only mistake was taking on Sony in the marketplace .      " I made a similar  line  and I produced it cheaper ,  "  he says .  
 The company has grown -- to about 40 employees ,  from four initially ,  Mr .  Kaye says .     Justin has been profitable since 1986 ,  adds the official ,  who shares his office with numerous teddy bears ,  all samples from his  line  of plush toys .  
 Justin has been profitable since 1986 ,  adds the official ,  who shares his office with numerous teddy bears ,  all samples from his  line  of plush toys .         Like many others ,  Mr .  Kaye took notice in 1987 when Sony ,  in a classic example of market segmentation ,  changed the plastic skin and buttons on the famous Walkman line of portable audio equipment and created the My First Sony line for children .     The brightly colored new products looked more like toys than the adult models .  (In court papers ,  Sony says it has spent more than $3 million to promote the line ,  with resulting sales of over a million units . ) 
 But Intel later succumbed to the stock market ' s plunge ,  closing at $31 . 75 ,  down $2 . 125 .         In August ,  Intel warned that third-quarter earnings might be  " flat to down "  from the previous period ' s because of slowing sales growth of its 80386 microprocessor ,  start-up costs associated with a  line  of computers and costs of preparing for mass shipments of the company ' s new 80486 chip in the current quarter .  
   International Paper Co .  ' s third-quarter net income rose 6 . 5% ,  reflecting  " solid performances "  by pulp and paper businesses and contributions from specialty  lines  and acquisitions .  
 Bull HN ,  69%-owned by Groupe Bull ,  the big French computer maker ,  said the new product  lines  included the DPX/2 ,  based on the industry standard Unix operating system ,  and the DPS 6000 ,  based on a proprietary design .     The 6000 significantly extends Bull ' s existing DPS line ,  which has sold 60 , 000 units world-wide .  
 He fills one of two vacancies created last year when two of the company ' s co-founders ,  Thomas Ong ,  executive vice president ,  finance ,  and Mason Tarkeshian ,  executive vice president ,  operations ,  resigned .     CMS makes and distributes a broad  line  of enhancement products for personal computers .  
 Xylogics Inc .  ,  Burlington ,  Mass .  ,  said it reached an agreement under which Unisys Corp .  will buy as much as $50 million of its computer systems over the next five years .         Xylogics said Unisys will be buying its new Annex II terminal servers ,  a  line  it acquired from Encore Computer Corp .  last December .  
 The FiberWorld products are based on a new set of international standards for fiber-optic telecommunications equipment put in place last year .     Northern Telecom is the first company to launch a complete  line  of switching and transmission products based on the new standards ,  known as synchronous optical networking ,  or Sonet .  
 Northern Telecom says its products will roll out over 18 months beginning early next year and will begin contributing to revenue and earnings by early 1991 .     Burt Wolder ,  a spokesman for American Telephone & Telegraph Co .  ,  said his company is  " developing a full  line  of Sonet products and expects to announce them very ,  very soon .  "  
 Renault lacks an up-market label and an international presence .     Volvo lacks a full  line  of auto products and a significant presence in the EC .  
 With the industry on the brink of sweeping change ,  Volvo may be feeling vulnerable and ready to seek a partner to share product-development costs and make it more of an an EC insider .  "         A Volvo-Renault combination would create a full  line  of auto products under one umbrella with total production of about two million units a year ,  or about 20% of the European market ,  analysts say .  
 Nevertheless ,  WCRS might consider BDDP as a backup if its talks with Eurocom fall through ,  some industry executives suggested .     WCRS initially announced last month that it was in talks to sell a portion of its ad business; it hopes to largely remove itself from the agency business in order to concentrate on its more profitable  line  ,  media-buying .  
   General Housewares Corp .  agreed to sell most of its Leyse cookware  line  and a related manufacturing plant in Wisconsin to Vollrath Co .  ,  Sheboygan ,  Wis .  
 And Japan ' s big Dai-Ichi Kangyo Bank recently agreed to invest as much as $100 million into a Clayton & Dubilier buy-out fund .         Martin H .  Dubilier ,  chairman and chief executive officer ,  said he values the new subsidiary and its Big A  line  of auto parts because of its wide distribution network .  
 Now ,  encouraged by some recent growth ,  the toiletries companies are polishing their marketing strategies ,  and the business is beginning to show signs of life .     Even Gillette Co .  ,  which has traditionally concentrated on mainstream products ,  says it ' s planning a  " more upscale "   line  of men ' s toiletries ,  probably for sale through its traditional outlets ,  such as drugstores .  
 It ' s a lesson that hasn ' t escaped Gruene ' s well-heeled competition .     Aramis ,  which rolled out its Lab Series  line  of unscented men ' s grooming products three years ago ,  focuses on skin problems caused by shaving ,  such as razor burn .  
 But mention the word wrinkles and they ' re likely to flee .         To ease customers '  embarrassment ,  companies are beginning to establish separate locations for their men ' s  lines  .  
 In its five-year effort ,  Hershey has learned that transforming a traditional dish like pasta isn ' t easy .     The company ' s experiences in developing its Perfection  line  illustrate the difficulties inherent in creating a new food item .  
 Last year ,  Chrysler put about 60% of that budget into TV ,  and about 40% in magazines and newspapers .         Major auto makers ,  both domestic and foreign ,  have usually supported their automobile  lines  with massive advertising budgets placed largely in television .     The shift by Chrysler represents the largest proportion of an ad budget dedicated to print by a car line of a major U . S .  auto manufacturer in at least two decades ,  according to Jim Guthrie ,  executive vice president of marketing development for the Magazine Publishers of America ,  an industry group .  
 Auto makers are the largest category of advertisers in magazines ,  spending $800 million in 1988 ,  an increase of 17% from 1987 .         The shift in spending is part of a stepped-up campaign by Chrysler to promote its high-end Chrysler brand ,  which includes the Imperial ,  New Yorker ,  Salon ,  LeBaron ,  and Town & Country  lines  .  
 Nissan executives will unveil their spending plans for the 1990 model year at a car dealers show later this month .     However ,  it ' s clear Nissan is using magazines heavily ,  as well as TV ,  to introduce its new Infiniti  line  of luxury cars .  
 Other auto makers have showed a decided preference for TV .     For example ,  Mr .  Vitulli said Chrysler Corp .  ' s lower-priced Plymouth auto  line  will spend 10% of it media budget on print and 90% on broadcast TV and cable .  
  " We are looking to target niches -- young women ,  older people and others ,  "  he said .      " We ' ll use core publications for the entire brand ,  along with magazines meant for specific  lines  .  "  
 Now the battle is heading in the opposite direction .         Bayerische Motoren Werke AG yesterday said it ' s freezing or cutting prices on its entire U . S .  1990 model  line  .  
 It also froze the price of the 190E 2 . 6 with automatic transmission at $32 , 500 ,  despite adding electrically adjustable front seats ,  which were a $950 option on the 1989 model .         Prices on the remainder of Mercedes-Benz ' s U . S .   line  now will range from $39 , 950 for the 300E 2 . 6 with automatic transmission to $83 , 500 for the 500SL two-seat convertible ,  which is new this year .  
 But previously ,  it had emphasized that it wouldn ' t need to sell them .     Mr .  Boksen says he expects to see more asset sales-of HBJ ' s insurance unit and perhaps of some of its publishing  lines  -- even if publishing rebounds .  
 Still ,  Unisys has dug itself a deep hole and will have to work hard merely to regain its position of a year ago .     Despite pent-up demand for a new  line  of mainframes ,  it has generally been losing ground in the mainframe and minicomputer markets .  
   International Business Machines Corp .  said it is offering a holiday promotion involving personal computers at the low end and in the middle of its PS/2  line  .  
 But while businessmen generally welcome this year ' s unexpected economic surge ,  they recognize that the underground economy is a double-edged sword .         Executives of the food unit of giant Grupo Alfa are elated about this year ' s 100% sales increase in the company ' s most inexpensive  line  of cold meats ,  whose biggest buyers are underground mom-and-pop stores .  
 Terms of the agreement weren ' t disclosed .         The licensees are Modern Shirt International and Modern Shirt Industries Ltd .  and KangaROOS U . S . A .  Inc .  Jeep officials said the shirt companies will produce and distribute a  line  of Jeep sportswear to be retailed through department stores ,  while KangaROOS will produce and distribute Jeep athletic and casual shoes that will be sold through independent shoe stores .  
 Although IBM is expected to introduce slightly faster versions of its mainframes this year ,  the machines will be five years old next year -- long in the tooth by mainframe standards -- and competitors are expected to bring out new products .     IBM ' s AS/400  line  ,  which has done spectacularly well in the first 15 months of its life ,  is seeing growth slow .  
 The IBM spokesman confirmed that IBM had made the retirement offer to many of the 23 , 000 employees at four manufacturing sites .     They are in Manassas ,  Va .  ,  and Owego ,  N . Y .  ,  where IBM makes specialized equipment for defense contracts; in Endicott ,  N . Y .  ,  where it makes the 9370 minicomputer  line ; and in Lexington ,  Ky .  ,  where it produces typewriters and printers .  
 And that should be much less of a problem next year when the comparisons become easier .         But IBM also cited a delay in the introduction of a new  line  of high-end disk drives ,  the latest in a series of manufacturing and development glitches this year that analysts have said could be linked to the loss of skilled employees in these early-retirement programs .  
 The car isn ' t all-American ,  however: Mazda ,  of which Ford owns 25% ,  did much of the engineering on the vehicle .         The most widely publicized luxury cars of the new model year are clearly Nissan ' s Infiniti  line  ,  which goes on sale Nov .  8 ,  and Toyota ' s Lexus cars ,  which have been available since August .  
  Four-Wheel Drive     Mercedes-Benz adds four-wheel-drive cars to its U . S .   line  for the first time with the 300E 4Matic sedan and 300TE 4Matic station wagon .  
 The layoffs come as Cray phases out production of its labor-intensive X-MP  line -hand-wired machines -- in favor of a model that ,  because of factory automation ,  higher-density chips and other advances ,  can be made in one-third the time .     Moreover ,  where a central processing unit in the old model had 30 , 000 parts ,  those in the new Y-MP line have 310 .  
 A Sears spokesman declined to comment .     Vermont is a major supplier of parts for Sears ' s  line  of tools .  
 Dan Benton ,  an analyst at Goldman ,  Sachs & Co .  ,  said he expected to cut his estimates to $9 a share for the year ,  well below the IBM range .         The wild card in all this is the disk-drive  line  ,  whose problems could be cleared up soon or could persist for months .  
 IBM ,  which gets some $6 billion of its $60 billion of revenue from such drives ,  is expected to decide soon on how to proceed .         IBM needs to get the drives out soon because competitors have caught up with IBM ' s current  line  ,  and IBM must once again leapfrog them if it is to escape the price war that has developed .  
 Europa Eyewear Corp .  sells 22-karat gold frames for around $250 ,   " good for clinching that Wall Street deal .  "     Customers want  " different glasses for boating than for skiing ,  "  says a marketer for Allegra Inc .  ' s Ziari  line  of sunglasses .  
 In addition ,  the company said its sales and service personnel will target new markets for the system .         Debugging the software for the two-year old I/A series was  " far more complex than  .   .   .  with our earlier  lines  ,  "  but  " is now in place and functioning .  "  
 But he said he interceded with Japanese ministries and won  " a liberal interpretation of the rules .  "         Mr .  Butler said he agreed to the purchase because it would give AVX access to a broad  line  of parts that it could sell in Europe ,  where AVX currently generates 25% of its $408 million of annual sales .     Mr .  Butler also cited Kyocera ' s technology; while AVX and Kyocera both make capacitors ,  Kyocera also makes a broad line of electronics ,  including printer heads ,  liquid crystal displays and personal computers .  
 The quarterly earnings were better than the $1 . 15 a share that Mr .  Berko had projected ,  and the analyst said he is now likely to increase his full-year earnings estimate of $3 . 20 a share .         In addition to several positive devlopments at the company in recent weeks ,  including an agreement with singer Michael Jackson to design and market a  line  of fashion sneakers and other apparel ,  analysts have attributed at least a part of the recent stock increases to arbitragers covering their short positions .  
 Mr .  Urbanski believes Michelin will use its own name as well as the Goodrich T/A brand ,  popular among sporty car enthusiasts ,  to try to increase market share at Chrysler .     The Goodrich T/A  line  is already original equipment on some Chrysler Jeep products .  
 The fund closed at 16 1/4 on 1 . 2 million shares .         International Business Machines ,  which introduced three new computer models for small businesses and a number of enhancements to its personal-computer  line  ,  added 1 1/4 to 117 1/2 .  
   Toyota Motor Corp .  ,  in an aggressive bid to boost U . S .  market share ,  is raising 1990 base prices on its most popular car  lines  by 2 . 5% or less from 1989 levels .  
 Executives here also said that AT&T is considering manufacturing its own facsimile machines and could someday make its own personal computers .     AT&T recently agreed to have a new  line  of personal computers made by Intel Corp .  
 Earlier this spring ,  the company launched cholesterol-free mayonnaise and Miracle Whip .     Last week ,  it introduced Sealtest Free ,  which it bills as the first national brand of  " nonfat "  ice cream and began testing a  line  of fat-free salad dressings .  
 ---        Toyota is raising prices on its most popular car  lines  for 1990 by 2 . 5% or less in an aggressive attempt to increase its U . S .  market share .  --- 
 General Motors Corp .  ' s Pontiac division said it plans to boost its total vehicle sales by about 6% in the 1990 model year ,  mainly because of sales of a new plastic-bodied minivan .         But Pontiac officials also conceded that they expect sales of their primary midsized car  line  ,  the Pontiac Grand Prix ,  won ' t be enough to assure that the GM plant exclusively dedicated to the model will work at full capacity in the 1990 model year .  
 But Pontiac officials also conceded that they expect sales of their primary midsized car  line  ,  the Pontiac Grand Prix ,  won ' t be enough to assure that the GM plant exclusively dedicated to the model will work at full capacity in the 1990 model year .         Pontiac ' s modest expectations for the Grand Prix ,  one of four lines GM designed as part of its $5 billion GM-10 midsized car program ,  is another sign that despite the recent announcement that the company will indefinitely idle a plant in Lakewood ,  Ga .  ,  GM has a long way to go to solve its costly overcapacity problem .  
 Sales of the two-year-old Grand Prix coupe ,  however ,  will fall to 105 , 000 vehicles in 1990 from about 118 , 000 cars in the 1989 model year that ends Sept .  30 ,  Pontiac officials predicted .         But the modern Fairfax ,  Kan .  ,  plant that builds the Grand Prix  line  is capable of producing more than 250 , 000 cars a year .  
   International Business Machines Corp .  said it has asked computer-accessory makers to produce adaptor cards for its PS/2  line  of computers that will enable them to transfer data two to four times faster than they currently do .  
 International Business Machines Corp .  said it has asked computer-accessory makers to produce adaptor cards for its PS/2  line  of computers that will enable them to transfer data two to four times faster than they currently do .         IBM said the cards will unlock capabilities already built into its PS/2 line ,  which features the so-called Micro Channel data pathway .  
 It was the agency ' s first U . S .  client .     Its Cover Girl  line  ,  which Lintas suggested and helped develop ,  is now the largest-selling cosmetics line in the country .  
 If Procter must choose another agency for Noxell -- either because it pulls the account or Unilever pressures Lintas into resigning the account -- it will find its choice extremely limited ,  as most major agencies not working for Procter are working for its competitors .     Noxell uses a second major agency ,  Chicago-based Leo Burnett ,  for its Clarion  line ; Burnett is already a Procter agency and could be considered for future assignments .  
 Noxell uses a second major agency ,  Chicago-based Leo Burnett ,  for its Clarion  line ; Burnett is already a Procter agency and could be considered for future assignments .         Meanwhile ,  industry executives already have begun speculating that Lintas might take on another cosmetics line ,  such as Maybelline ,  a unit of Schering-Plough .  
 Last fall ,  the cosmetics maker launched a marketing initiative dubbed  " The Nines ,  "  designed to boost its visibility in tony department stores .     Over the years ,  Revlon had acquired prestige cosmetics  lines  such as Charles of the Ritz and Princess Marcella Borghese ,  but had no comprehensive marketing strategy for them .     Under the Nines program ,  the company gathered all nine of its upscale cosmetics lines -- encompassing some 3 , 000 items -- at a single cosmetics counter with a special Nines banner .  
 Competitors say Revlon ' s sales staff was unable to master the vast array of products they were expected to push .     And the attempt to sell customers more than one cosmetics  line  per visit undermined efforts to build brand loyalty .      " Consumers buy different pieces from different lines ,  "  said a marketing executive at one competitor .  
 Adding to Revlon ' s difficulties ,  the company claims that 200 retailers nationwide grew impatient with the pace of the rollout and implemented their own version of the Nines .     These independent-minded retailers lumped together all of Revlon ' s  lines  ,  without waiting for marketing support from headquarters or proper training for their sales help .  
 Sales rose 27% to $199 million from $157 . 2 million .         The company said its Salon Selectives  line  was one of the fastest growing brands in the industry in the quarter .  
   N . V .  Philips and its partners have granted a Japanese firm exclusive rights to promote and market equipment for suppliers of a new  line  of prerecorded audio/visual compact-disk products in Asia .  
 Joseph Kozloff ,  an analyst with Drexel Burnham Lambert ,  lowered his estimate to $8 . 30 a share from $8 . 50 ,  but left 1991 at $9 . 75 .         Along with Noxema and Cover Girl ,  Noxell gives P&G the  line  of Clarion cosmetics ,  Lestoil cleaner and Wick Fowler Two Alarm Chili ,  a seasoning for chili .  
   Union Carbide Corp .  said it is expanding its  line  of substitutes for chlorofluorocarbons used in making foam cushioning .  
 But this is its first venture into the $1 . 5 billion mass market cosmetic business .         Noxell ' s Cover Girl and Clarion  lines  have a combined 25 . 4% share ,  followed by Maybelline ,  with 17 . 7% and Revlon ,  with 13 . 9% .  
 Yesterday ,  IBM stock rose 12 . 5 cents to close at $116 . 125 a share ,  while Baxter International common closed unchanged at $22 . 25 ,  both in New York Stock Exchange composite trading .         Separately ,  IBM announced that it had authorized the opening of 41 new dealerships that will sell its PS/2 personal computer  line  ,  marking the end of a moratorium it declared four years ago .  
 -- Set up a fur-production factory as early as next year .         -- Diversify into other  lines  of Soviet business ,  including trading in textiles ,  syringes and condoms .  
 Heredity ,  junk food and a couch-potato environment have combined to produce a generation of overweight youth .     But At Last ' s partners think the numbers still aren ' t large enough to persuade traditional apparel firms to create a  line  of oversize clothes stocked in department stores and specialty outlets .  
 Buoyed by a $16 , 000 investment from Ms .  Runyon ' s husband ,  they measured dozens of overweight children ,  inquired about likes and dislikes ,  and produced their own sizing scheme ,  which ranges from 23-inch to 50-inch waists and weights from 55 pounds to 300 pounds .         The entrepreneurs became convinced they were on the right track at an August 1986 display in a church basement: 70 parents of overweight children showed up to view At Last ' s  line  ,  which consisted of some fabric swatches stuck on a bulletin board and a handful of trouser samples .  
  " It ' s something you should in good conscience do ,  "  he added .         GM already has made front-seat headrests or high-backed seats standard equipment on eight of its 12 truck  lines  .  
 The greeting card company attributed its improved performance to last year ' s cost-savings measures ,  including the sale or closing of several subsidiaries .     The company also said its  " Couples "  card  line  ,  introduced in July ,  had brisk sales .  
 At the office-furniture factory ,  an automated assembly  line  dunks desklegs into an electroplating bath .     At the fashion warehouse ,  a manager checks designs for the kibbutz-made line of women ' s apparel .  
 The 1990 Accord LX will start at $14 , 895 ,  up 5% from the year-earlier price of $14 , 180 .         At the top of the Accord  line  ,  Honda essentially consolidated two models into one .  
 In 1985 ,  P&G posted its first annual earnings decline since 1952 -- a 29% drop to $635 million .     Mainstay  lines  ,  such as toothpaste and diapers ,  were getting hammered by the competition: Crest ' s market share alone fell to 30 . 5% in 1985 from 40% in 1977; Pampers '  share dropped around 40 points to 33% over roughly the same time .  
 Yet ,  in the intervening years ,  P&G has boldly changed how and where it does business .     Determined to take advantage of growing markets overseas ,  the company turned around its early debacle in Japan ,  where its diaper and detergent  lines  in particular were faltering .  
 P&G sued the cookie makers for patent infringement and recently won a $125 million settlement from Nabisco ,  Keebler and Frito-Lay .     But while copycat competitors certainly hurt ,  Mr .  Tucker ,  the former P&G manager ,  also says the company was too slow developing a full  line  of cookies ,  with a variety of flavors .  
  " If the disappointment is deep enough another hostile offer may be  .   .   .  forthcoming .  "         Mr .  Preston ,  responding to this criticism ,  said through a spokesman ,   " There was no way in May to forecast that the gift and jewelry  lines  would underperform in the fourth quarter .  
 That ' s particularly startling when one considers that most cooks were willing to devote 30 minutes to meal preparation a scant 10 years ago and about an hour in the early  ' 70s .         Accordingly ,  Campbell Soup is testing a microwave soup  line  for all the people who find it too taxing to open a can and pour the contents into a pot .  
 The Japanese threat to the Europeans is only getting worse .     Last month Toyota Motor Corp .  launched its luxury Lexus  line  in the U . S .  ,  and in November Nissan Motor Co .  is unveiling its Infiniti models .  
 The worst gas guzzler in the EPA ' s annual rating isn ' t for sale in the U . S .  -- Chrysler Italian Imports '  two-seat Italian-made Lamborghini Countach .     A 1990 model of the $155 , 000 sports car was tested by the EPA and got 6 mpg in city driving and 10 mpg on the highway ,  but the manufacturer says a replacement  line  will be introduced in the U . S .  this year .  
 The Hawthorne ,  Calif .  ,  toy maker ' s sales for the quarter ended July 1 were $272 . 3 million ,  up 31% from last year ' s $207 . 1 million .         John W .  Amerman ,  chairman and chief executive officer ,  said retail and consumer demand has remained  " very strong "  for its core brands as well as a  line  of licensed Disney infant and preschool toys .  
 ---        Boeing ' s profit jumped 20% in the quarter ,  but the aircraft maker said it still faces major challenges and risks in commercial and military  lines  .  
 Despite the stock market ' s negative expectations ,  it appears that different segments of the personal-computer industry are experiencing sharply different growth trends .     Generally ,  demand is strong for high-performance hardware ,  such as Apple ' s Macintosh ,  Compaq ' s 386 machines and International Business Machines Corp .  ' s PS/2  lines  of computers .  
 The unit ,  based in Fort Washington ,  Pa .  ,  has three manufacturing plants and about 1 , 100 employees .         Ralston ,  based in St .  Louis ,  said BeechNut fits into its array of other food  lines  ,  including such cereals for children as Cookie Crisp .  
 PepsiCo Wines & Spirits International said it plans to introduce Priviet ,  a premium vodka from Russia ,  in the U . S .  in October .         Priviet ,  whose ad pitch will be  " Serious vodka you don ' t have to take too seriously ,  "  will be priced around $10 a bottle ,  compared with the $13 generally charged for PepsiCo ' s Stolichnaya  line  of Russian vodkas .  
 The company announced that R . K .  Patel ,  one of Par ' s founders ,  took a voluntary leave of absence as senior vice president and director ,  and that Jeffrey M .  Levine ,  executive vice president ,  and Barry S .  Geller ,  vice president ,  regulatory affairs ,  took voluntary leaves of absence from the board .         Par ,  which had fiscal 1988 sales of $99 . 6 million from a  line  of several hundred products ,  said it didn ' t believe there were any adverse health or safety implications involved .  
 Pier 1 Imports Inc .  ,  Fort Worth ,  Texas ,  said net income was flat at $7 . 3 million in its second quarter ended Aug .  26 .         The specialty retailer said in July that it expected the results to be flat because of discounting in some  lines  ,  particularly cotton apparel .  
 Chrysler was the loser among the Big Three with auto sales down 18 . 5% to 24 , 419 .     A bright spot for the No .  3 auto maker was its truck sales -- including the top-selling minivan and the Jeep  line  ,  which rose 4 . 1% to 30 , 377 .  
   Ford Motor Co .  is betting that the tradition-minded buyers of its heftiest car will accept the  " aero "  styling that now characterizes most of the company ' s model  line  .  
 Ford is building a stamping plant at Wayne and adding a second shift of workers at Hermosillo .     The Mexican plant currently builds only the Tracer and will continue to build the Mercury subcompact after it gets the Escort  line  .  
 WHO ' S BAD ?     L . A .  Gear Inc .  said it has signed singer Michael Jackson to design and market world-wide a  line  of Michael Jackson fashion sneakers .  
 But a new computer design scrambled that strategy ,  and Digital has fumbled for months in trying to project a coherent new theme ,  even as it brought out a blizzard of new products .     In just a year ,  the company rebuilt its entire VAX minicomputer  line  .  
 But the mess in sales isn ' t the only problem that slowed revenue growth into single digits in the latest quarter .     In a costly gamble ,  Digital decided last year to cancel a major computer design ,  leaving big customers without a replacement at the high end of its  line  .  
 Like many competitors ,  Digital was caught off guard by the clamor for standard software .     Although its VAX  line  has been enormously popular ,  fueling Digital ' s explosive growth since 1985 ,  more and more customers don ' t want to get hooked on computers based on proprietary software .  
 And most standard software isn ' t yet suited for hard-core commercial computing ,  such as on- line  transaction processing .     Typical transaction-processing tasks ,  in which hundreds of terminals interact with a database ,  include airline reservations ,  on-line retail-sales tracking and bank teller networks ,  and such operations are a prime target for the VAX line ,  especially the 9000 .  
 Its new  line  ,  priced substantially below the VAX ,  runs on Unix operating software with chips from MIPS Computer Systems Inc .         At first ,  Digital couldn ' t come up with a clear marketing theme for the two lines .  
 IBM ' s competitors are expected to benefit from a delay of even a few months .      " Digital is going to have more than 200 software packages running on its workstations by the time IBM is shipping ,  "  said Marc G .  Schulman ,  an analyst with UBS Securities Inc .  Abundant software packages are critical to the success of a computer  line  .  
 The focus of most of the attention today is in the market for machines based on the Unix software operating system .     Mr .  Schulman called Digital ' s DECstation  line   " the absolute leader in price performance "  in that market .  
 Ford declined to specify how much it will spend in the five years .     But Kenneth F .  Smith ,  Ford ' s heavy-truck operations manager ,  said the company will  " have modernized or replaced every product in the Ford heavy-truck  line  .  "  
 But Kenneth F .  Smith ,  Ford ' s heavy-truck operations manager ,  said the company will  " have modernized or replaced every product in the Ford heavy-truck  line  .  "         Ford said it will move some production of its Cargo line of medium and heavy-duty trucks from Brazil to Ford ' s Kentucky Truck plant in Louisville ,  Ky .  
 A Ford spokesman said it isn ' t clear whether the addition of the Cargo truck will require an expansion of the Kentucky Truck plant .     Ford officials said production of the Cargo  line  is expected to begin in the fourth quarter of 1990 .  
  " Now it ' s Ford ' s turn to step forward with new products to keep pace .  "         Ford ' s Mr .  Smith said the company is working on a new gas engine with electronic port fuel injection ,  an expanded  line  of diesel engines with electronic controls ,  and new Class 8 heavy-duty truck tractors ,  among other projects .  
 The cell-biology products are solutions used to grow cells .         Hana has said that it was selling the  lines  because further development of them would have pulled the company away from its strategic focus -- cell-transplant research and development programs .  
 As part of its direct sales restructuring ,  On- Line  will halt direct sales of its Case-Pac product ,  which represents about 1% to 2% of sales .     The company said it also refocused its Ramis information-products line to include a joint direct marketing/telemarketing effort .     The Ramis line represents about 15% of total sales .  
 In an interview ,  David F .  Parkinson ,  chief financial officer ,  said Phoenix will book a restructuring charge for the current quarter .     He said the company has tightened its revenue-recognition policies and will drop its effort to provide basic software to manufacturers of computers that are based on the Sparc microprocessor  line  from Sun Microsystems Inc .  
 ---        Nissan Motor is cutting prices on a key compact car  line  in a bid to boost its U . S .  market share at the expense of the Big Three and other rivals .  
 Steyr will hold 20% in the new subsidiary ,  while MAN will have management control .         The announcement of the transaction came after DAF N . V .  ,  an Anglo/Dutch auto maker ,  said it dropped its offer to take over Steyr ' s truck  lines  after MAN made a higher counteroffer .  
   Wang Laboratories Inc .  unveiled a new midrange minicomputer  line  ,  the VS 8000 series ,  to replace its VS 7000 line .  
 The recalled drugs include several forms of darvon ,  methadone ,  two anti-infectives and an anti-inflammatory agent .     Lilly ' s spokesman said the drugs were mostly  " older  line  products "  sold either under the Lilly or Dista labels .  
 In composite trading yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange ,  Lilly ' s shares fell 75 cents to close at $59 . 625 .         The investigation by the Food and Drug Administration did not include Lilly ' s largest drug  lines  such as its oral antibiotic ,  Ceclor ,  or Prozac ,  its anti-depressant drug .  
  " It ' s what everyone is trying to do .  "         The chip also gives the Santa Clara ,  Calif .  ,  company a broader  line  of high-end chips .  
 The dairy operations ,  based in Johnson City ,  Tenn .  ,  produce milk ,  ice cream and cottage cheese in the Carolinas ,  Florida ,  Georgia ,  Tennessee ,  Virginia and parts of West Virginia .     The company isn ' t discontinuing any dairy  lines  ,  Mr .  Melsheimer said .  
 The proposed dividend may help save Kohlberg Kravis from possible investor criticism that it overpaid for Beatrice .     Two years ago ,  some Beatrice insiders boasted that by selling off the company ' s assets ,  including its  lines  of Wesson cooking oils and Hunt tomato products ,  investors would earn a pre-tax profit that could exceed $3 billion .  
 Its sales are strongest in Scandinavian countries and France ,  although it has sales offices throughout Europe .     The Micronic  line  primarily is used for gathering data in the field .  
 The price of the cheapest 1990 Stanza model will be $11 , 450 ,  or $749 less than that of its less powerful predecessor .         Nissan ' s decision is the latest in a series of moves by foreign auto makers to cut prices on important car  lines  at a time when the Big Three U . S .  auto makers are aggressively raising base prices on most of their 1990 models .  
 Vitro ' s technological bent is a legacy of Adrian Sada Sr .  ,  an eminently practical engineer who remains the group ' s chairman .     Once ,  at a product presentation for Vitro ' s refrigerator  line  ,  visitors were taken aback when the chairman rolled up his sleeves ,  opened a toolbox and repaired a faulty unit .  
 One of the new models uses International Business Machines Corp .  ' s Micro Channel data bus design ,  marking NCR ' s first use of the technology .         Separately ,  NCR unveiled a new member of its Tower 32 computer  line  ,  built around Motorola Inc .  ' s 68030 microprocessor .  
 The partnership ,  controlled by money manager Martin Zweig and former Drexel marketing director Eugene Glaser ,  will rename the funds Zweig Series Trust ,  Zweig Cash Fund and Zweig Tax-Free Fund .         The sale of its fund  lines  stemmed from Drexel ' s decision earlier this year to shed its brokerage-office operations .  
 Honda is expected to unveil a redesigned Accord later this month ,  and dealers say they expect the car to be larger and more expensive than the current compact model .         The Civic and CRX  lines  -- including some of Honda ' s cheapest cars -- account for about 30% of the company ' s total U . S .  car sales .  
 The price of Honda ' s least expensive model ,  the Civic DX hatchback with a four-speed manual transmission ,  will rise 3 . 9% to $6 , 635 from $6 , 385 ,  the spokesman said .         The most expensive holdover model in the Civic  line  ,  the four-wheel drive wagon with automatic transmission ,  will have a base price of $13 , 140 ,  up 2 . 6% from $12 , 810 in 1989 .  
 Using text-searching software ,  the product will allow analysts and M&A specialists at banks ,  brokerages ,  and companies to quickly find and analyze potential deals by comparing them with past deals .         The product is the sixth in Lotus ' s  line  of One Source CD-based information services .  
 Duncan Hines ' s  " flavor was never as good as it should ' ve been ,  "  says Gordon Tucker ,  a former P&G brand manager who helped develop the cookies .     While he asserts that P&G was hurt by competitors copying the technology ,  he adds that P&G simply got beat because Nabisco  " moved very fast "  and introduced a full  line  of cookies .  
  " The bottom  line  here is that the fragrance business just doesn ' t fit with Avon ' s door-to-door selling business ,  "  said Andrew Shore ,  an analyst with Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc .   " Assuming the fragrance business is worth what Avon paid for it ,  the company is better off using the money to reduce debt .         Mr .  Shore ,  as well as several other analysts ,  speculated that Avon decided to investigate the possible sale of its fragrance lines following a private meeting Mr .  Preston had late last month with Minneapolis investor Irwin Jacobs .  
 Nissan Motor Co .  and Toyota Motor Corp .  are introducing luxury models in the U . S .  this fall for $35 , 000 to $40 , 000 each .     The prices for Nissan ' s Infiniti and Toyota ' s Lexus give the Japanese makers an edge over most European luxury cars ,  but still generally exceed the prices of Ford ' s Lincoln  line  and General Motors ' s Cadillac division .  
   Nissan Motor Corp .  ,  in a bid to boost market share at the expense of Detroit ' s Big Three auto makers and other rivals in a sluggish sales environment ,  said it is cutting prices on an important compact car  line  .  
   In what it describes as a major introduction ,  Nestle S . A .  ' s Stouffer Foods Corp .  is rolling out a new  line  of low-cholesterol ,  low-fat ,  and low-sodium entrees called Right Course .  
 Stouffer said Right Course ' s packages will tell consumers the exact amount of cholesterol ,  fat and sodium in a given entree and also provide the American Heart Association ' s recommendations for total average daily intake .     Earlier this year ,  ConAgra Inc .  introduced a similar  line  called Healthy Choice .  
 But instead of melting the cookies over an open fire ,  they go into a microwave oven .         Most of the other products are simply  line  extensions of existing best-sellers that don ' t represent much of an innovative gamble .  
        NEW ACCOUNT: National Football League Properties ,  New York ,  named Grey Advertising ,  New York ,  agency of record for its NFL merchandise  line  called Team NFL .  Billings weren ' t disclosed .  
 Commodore International Ltd .  ' s U . S .  unit said it signed an agreement for Connecting Point of America Inc .  ,  a large chain ,  to carry its personal computers .         Harry Copperman ,  president of the unit ,  said in an interview that the agreement is aimed primarily at West Chester ,  Pa . -based Commodore ' s Amiga  line  .  
 You have to build an awfully big company to get a reasonable return .  "         Such investments are risked more easily by large companies ,  such as International Business Machines Corp .  and Apple ,  that can subsidize research and development out of profits from older  lines  .  
 Other factors also aid existing companies .     Although the computer market is much larger than it was 10 years ago ,  most customers now have settled on computer  lines  to use in obvious applications .  
 The U . S .  sales arm of Japan ' s Mazda Motor Corp .  has set up a task force to study the feasibility of establishing a second dealer network in the U . S .         Mazda currently sells a  line  of imported and U . S . -made cars and trucks through 844 dealers nationwide .  
 ---        IBM plans to announce today some models of its AS/400 minicomputer  line  and a new release of its operating-system software ,  sources said .  
   Cincinnati Milacron Inc .  said it completed the purchase of Hayssen Manufacturing Co .  ' s  line  of extrusion blow-molding machines and will take over the business of manufacturing ,  selling and servicing this equipment .  
   International Business Machines Corp .  introduced two models of its AS/400 minicomputer  line  and a new release of the operating-system software .  
 He makes an authoritative spokesman .         A member of one of the handful of distinguished families that dominate the art ,  he belongs to the Kabuki acting  line  of Omodaka ,  which has flourished for six generations .  
   International Business Machines Corp .  will announce today some models of its AS/400 minicomputer  line  and a new release of its operating-system software ,  industry executives said .  
 In Armonk ,  N . Y .  ,  an IBM spokesman said the company has scheduled a press briefing for today related to its midrange product  lines  but declined to elaborate .         The industry executives said IBM will announce models in the middle of the AS/400 line to get customers to upgrade from the IBM System 36 ,  the less powerful of the two lines that IBM combined into the AS/400 .  
 Mr .  Cohen said that because of the weakness he has cut his forecast of AS/400 shipments this year to between 55 , 000 and 60 , 000 machines ,  down from his projections late last year of 70 , 000 to 75 , 000 .     He added ,  though ,  that he doesn ' t think that poses a problem for IBM this year ,  because it is exceeding its expectations at the high end of the AS/400  line  .     Users of IBM ' s System 38 -- the more powerful line that was merged into the AS/400 -- have bought lots of the high-end machines because many were desperate for more computing capacity and moving their software was easy .  
 The Electrolux appliances ,  imported from Europe and the U . S .  ,  will begin appearing at Sharp outlets in October .      " It will be a fairly complete  line  of our most upscale products ,  "  Mr .  Johansson explained .  
 Previously ,  Ford hadn ' t offered cash rebates on these F-series trucks .         Last year ,  the F-series trucks were the best-selling  line  of vehicles in the U . S .  
 He said he also hopes to develop an area the company has just begun ,  home furnishings such as wallpaper .         Sources say Balmain had sales last year of about 100 million French francs ($15 million) in its clothing  lines  ,  and ,  unlike many fashion concerns ,  high fashion is one of its biggest revenue earners ,  after license income .  
 The stock has risen steadily from the $6 . 50 price at which it was initially offered last Thursday .     New Image designs ,  assembles and markets a  line  of computer imaging systems and software .  
 ---        Sharp agreed to market in its stores in Japan a  line  of appliances made by Sweden ' s Electrolux .  
 The suit seeks to invalidate patents held by Autry Industries Inc .  for transparent windows in the soles of sneakers .     Canton ,  Mass . -based Reebok said the suit was filed in response to claims by Autry that certain Reebok products ,  including its new Visible ERS  line  of athletic footwear ,  infringe on patents held by Autry .  
 Reebok also said it wanted to reassure its dealers that it will stand by the Visible products .     Nike Inc .  ,  Beaverton ,  Ore .  ,  also offers a  line  of see-through shoes ,  called Nike Visible Air .  
 The Weston unit ,  which employs about 200 workers at a plant near Newark ,  N . J .  ,  has annual sales of about $12 million .     Ametek ,  a manufacturer of industrial products ,  said Weston makes a  line  of display gauges that complements the instrument line Ametek already supplies to the same aircraft builders .  
 GM said the decision to delay adding a second production shift at Janesville  " reflects a recent downturn in the total medium-duty truck business .  "         The Janesville plant is building a new  line  of GM medium-duty trucks ,  to be sold as the GMC TopKick and the Chevrolet Kodiak .  
 After the end of the year ,  all of GM ' s conventional medium-duty trucks will be built at the Janesville facility ,  the company said .         GM said production of its old  line  of conventional medium-duty trucks at the Pontiac Central facility in Pontiac ,  Mich .  ,  will be cut to one shift from two ,  beginning Sept .  16 .  
 The two companies also left unanswered the question of which computer design will prevail -- always a touchy issue among proud engineers .     Mr .  Poduska told the analysts that the two  lines  will be fully compatible by early 1991 .  
 Industry heavyweights that previously ran upscale hotels and inns are moving into the budget sector ,  says Joseph Doyle ,  a lodging industry analyst at Smith Barney Harris Upham & Co .     For example ,  Holiday Corp .  launched its Hampton Inns  line  of budget motels in 1984 ,  and Marriott Corp .  started up the Fairfield Inns line in 1987 .  
 For example ,  Stafford Blaine Designs Ltd .  of Minneapolis offers $14 white cotton shirts with renderings of Renoir ' s painting  " Two Sisters on a Terrace "  or Gaugin ' s  " Tahitian Landscape .  "         At the Philadelphia convention ,  hourlong fashion shows ran twice daily to help retailers appreciate the latest  lines  of imprintable clothing and graphic designs .  
 While temporary plant closings have become common during this year of sluggish car sales ,  this shutdown is the first for the Lorain ,  Ohio ,  plant in several years .     It ' s also the latest setback for the car  line  that started off 1989 winning Motor Trend magazine ' s  " Car of the Year "  award .  
 Then in February ,  Ford resorted to diverting more than 10 , 000 of the cars to an amusement park lot near the Lorain factory until engineers could find the cause of and eliminate a mysterious rattle in some of the cars .         To boost sales of the two models ,  Ford was forced on Aug .  1 to offer heavy $1 , 500 rebates on all but the supercharged versions of the Thunderbird and Cougar  lines  .  
 In 1988 ,  45% of Transamerica ' s gross premium income came from its specialty insurance  lines  ,  with 20% from personal and 35% from commercial insurance business .     Mr .  Isom expects that specialty lines will provide as much as 55% of premium income in future years ,  with smaller shares from the other two areas .     In 1983 ,  none of the company ' s premium income came from specialty lines .  
 Toyota said total vehicle production for the year was 4 , 006 , 796 units ,  representing a 3 . 9% increase over the year before .         Full model changes in the Mark II ,  Chaser ,  Cresta and Hilux models were cited for the increase in units sold ,  as were new model additions for Toyota ' s Supra ,  Vista ,  Camry ,  Corolla ,  Sprinter ,  Town Ace and other existing  lines  .  
   Deere & Co .  reported a 21% rise in earnings for its fiscal third quarter despite an operating loss in its lawn and grounds-care  line  .  
 Deere stock fell 87 . 5 cents ,  to close at $60 . 125 in heavy trading on the New York Stock Exchange .         Karen Ubelhart ,  an analyst at Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc .  ,  said Wall Street had been expecting higher per-share earnings of around $1 . 40 ,  and termed the loss in the lawn and grounds-care  line  a surprise .  
 Retail demand for industrial equipment remains modestly higher than in 1988 ,  Deere said ,  but called its overall sales mix  " less favorable compared with last year .  "         Deere introduced a new  line  of farm equipment last fall and increased prices from 3% to 5% ,  but Provident Bank analyst James Peirce said that while pricing is  " much improved ,  it is still not where the industry would like to be .  "  
 Mazda ' s aggressive pricing strategy runs counter to some other import brands that are minimizing their price rises to remain competitive in the U . S .  market .         Nissan Motor Co .  already restructured its entry-level Sentra car  line  by eliminating some models and making standard equipment optional on other 1990 versions .  
  " They ' re also going to be searching for the intangibles inherent in a premium quality brand .  "         Mazda officials said they are studying the feasibility of adding a luxury car sales division in the U . S .  similar to Toyota ' s Lexus and Nissan ' s Infiniti car  lines  .  
 Average shares increased about 13% ,  to 19 . 3 million .         Dell attributed the earnings decline in part to price reductions on computers using the Intel Corp .  80286 microprocessor ,  a  line  that is reaching maturity .  
  " We continue to look for ways to improve our products by updating them ,  offering a more-modern look and introducing new products "  said Mr .  Kyle .     For example ,  the company has begun promoting a new  line  of cakes and pies in flavors that change monthly .     In addition ,  he said a line of honey-graham cookies called Tasty Bears ,  aimed at children aged six to 12 ,  has been well received since its debut in May .  
  " We prefer to invest in software companies with $2 million to $5 million in revenue instead of starting them from scratch ,  "  says Andrew Rachleff ,  a partner in Merrill ,  Pickard ,  Anderson & Eyre .     The Palo Alto ,  Calif .  ,  venture firm recently led a $4 million financing to buy software  lines  for a newly formed company .  
   Anacomp Inc .  said its Xidex unit will manufacture a  line  of floppy-disk products for Hewlett-Packard Co .  
   Just five months after its introduction ,  General Motors Corp .  is raising the price of its 1990 Chevrolet Lumina sedan ,  the first of a new  line  of four-door sedans GM is counting on to boost its sagging car-market share .  
 Some answers are surprisingly simple .     With market-research assistance arranged by NETAAC ,  a paper company introduced a  line  of snazzy paper sold with instructions to write a resume .  
 For a printing-equipment maker ,  NETAAC came up with a two-pronged solution .     It is helping the company to simplify its products to reduce production and servicing costs ,  and to come up with a low-priced  line  to export to industrializing countries ,  Mr .  McLaughlin says .  
 Automatic Data Processing Inc .  said fourth-quarter earnings rose 9% and predicted a more than 10% increase in per-share earnings for the new fiscal year .         The computer-services company attributed the earnings growth to strength in its employer-services and dealer-services businesses ,  and said it expects both those  lines  to have double-digit growth in the year ending June 30 .  
 He was generally optimistic ,  despite acknowledging that the first half was  " highly disappointing .  "     He said the rollout of the 2200  line  of mainframes -- whose delay caused some of the recent problems --  " went ,  if anything ,  better than we expected .  "  
 After 18 months of adding new regional markets ,  the company has nearly completed the introduction of its Top-Shelf microwavable entrees ,  designed to remain fresh on grocery-store shelves without freezing .     Its newer Chicken by George  line  is just getting under way .  
 Mr .  Marotta and Ms .  Zain also have cloned the amyloid protein gene and have transplanted it into cells grown in a test tube .     This  line  of cells is now producing excessive quantities of beta-amyloid protein ,  also known as A4 peptide .  
  " The market is still very short of stock ,  "  one dealer said .      " Although private clients are sticking to the sidelines ,  most institutions are still on the lookout for a good ,  reasonably priced  line  of stock .  "  
 Mr .  McDonald maintains that Prime ' s $500-million-a-year computer service business generates enough cash to pay the interest .     He said Prime ' s fast-growing computerized design business may get more R&D funding ,  and that the proprietary Series 50 minicomputer  line  will be able to cut costs .  
 While imitation may be the sincerest form of flattery ,  Anthony Maglica would appreciate fewer kudos .         Mr .  Maglica ,  president and owner of Mag Instrument Inc .  ,  designed a  line  of high-priced ,  high-quality flashlights ,  known as the Mag-Lite and Mini Maglite .  
 Part of Geo ' s problem has been that its product offerings are as muddled as a hockey team in the middle of a flying  line  change .     All Chevy dealers selling the line had the Metro minicar ,  but they didn ' t begin receiving the restyled Geo Prizm ,  previously the Chevrolet Nova ,  until earlier this year .  
 However ,  Par disclosed in a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission that the FDA ' s inspection of the company ,  including Quad ,  continues .     In its filing ,  Par said sales and gross margins of Quad ' s injectable  line   " may also be adversely affected ,  although to a lesser extent .  "  
 Many customers seem to have been won over ,  and IBM unveiled some products last week that consultants said should confirm that view .         Some of the products were enhancements for IBM ' s so-called private branch exchanges that make the telephone switches mesh better with the Siemens  line  .  
 Lockheed has outpaced the Standard & Poor ' s aerospace index in the past decade ,  and appears certain to survive the defense industry ' s shake-out .     It does face some short-term negatives ,  such as this year ' s winding down of the C-5B transport and P3 anti-submarine aircraft programs; completion of the F-117A Stealth fighter  line  in 1990; and a high level of deferred income taxes .  
 Despite previous flops within this niche ,  Campbell Soup Co .  ,  Kraft General Foods and Nestle Enterprises Inc .  all are test-marketing prepackaged ,  refrigerated fresh foods that need only be toted home and heated or lightly cooked .     And Nestle S . A .  ' s Carnation Co .  already sells a limited  line  of chilled fare nationwide and says it may expand .  
 Last year ,  the company said it hoped to introduce American shoppers to its chilled fare through Kings Supermarkets Inc .  ,  a small chain of upscale New Jersey grocers that it had just acquired .     Except to say that a coming launch of new food  lines  would be  " significant ,  "  a spokeswoman last week wouldn ' t elaborate on the company ' s plans .  
 Such a complex system is difficult to match in the U . S .  ,  where distribution chains are long .     Indeed ,  James H .  Moran ,  public-relations director for Campbell ,  cites distribution problems as one reason why the company withdrew its Fresh Chef  line  of refrigerated sauces ,  soups and salads two years ago .  
 Now ,  Campbell is trying again .     In Philadelphia ,  it is test-marketing Fresh Kitchen ,  a new  line  of refrigerated sauces ,  entrees and desserts .  
 Culinova fresh entrees ,  launched in 1986 by Philip Morris Cos .  ' s General Foods Corp .  ,  hit similar distribution problems .     Last December ,  shortly after Philip Morris bought Kraft Inc .  ,  the struggling  line  was scrapped .  
 Last December ,  shortly after Philip Morris bought Kraft Inc .  ,  the struggling  line  was scrapped .         But Kraft General Foods ,  the offspring of Philip Morris ' s acquisition ,  is pressing ahead with the Chillery line of entrees ,  salads ,  pasta and desserts originally developed by Kraft .  
 Nestle ,  the Swiss giant ,  has jumped into the U . S .  chilled-food market on two fronts .     Its Nestle Enterprises subsidiary ,  based in Solon ,  Ohio ,  is test-marketing a  line  of upscale entrees and salads called FreshNes .  
 Food-industry experts say that those types of products are less temperature-sensitive than fancy entrees .         Carnation is looking at broadening its refrigerated-food  line  ,  says Richard Curd ,  a company spokesman ,  although he too declines to elaborate .  
 It ' s a sport that ' s now occupying a large part of his life .         Until recently a St .  Louis-based editor at a successful outdoor magazine ,  Mr .  Kruger moved to the Ozarks to focus on flyfishing for bass -- to write about it ,  to guide float-trips and to develop a  line  of lures .  
 But they are also trying to soft-pedal the price increases -- by scattering them all over the window sticker ,  ending discounts on options and putting last year ' s middle-of-the-lineup name on this year ' s base model .         Consider the strategy General Motors Corp .  is using on the soon-to-be-introduced 1990 version of its high-volume Chevrolet Corsica  line  .  
 That averages to about $750 a vehicle ,  Chrysler officials say .         While GM ' s price increases may not look as steep as its two domestic rivals ,  that ' s largely because Ford and Chrysler are making air bags standard equipment on more of their car  lines  .  
 Ford is raising the price of its Bronco II sport utility vehicle $607 ,  or 4 . 3% ,  to $14 , 718 ,  even though sales of the vehicle have fallen about 13% this year and the latest model is due to be replaced next spring by an all-new product .     Chrysler ,  meanwhile ,  is looking to earn more on its LeBaron  line  of coupes by loading more equipment -- including a new V-6 engine -- into a  " premium "  version of the car .  
 Oldsmobile ' s Silhouette ,  which is virtually identical to the Pontiac ,  will start at $17 , 195 .         By comparison ,  much of Chrysler ' s minivan  line  is less expensive .  
   Prime Computer Inc .  ,  Natick ,  Mass .  ,  unveiled two computers in its new EXL 1200  line  based on multiprocessor computers made by Sequent Computer Systems Inc .  ,  Beaverton ,  Ore .  
 The Commerce Department announced last month that it was lifting export curbs on a wide class of desktop computers .     But the order carrying out that decision adds not only laptops but other ,  more powerful versions of International Business Machines Corp .  ' s PS/2  line  than the original announcement covered .  
   Nissan Motor Co .  is consolidating its Sentra budget car  line  for 1990 by eliminating some models and making higher-priced versions of others available only as special option packages .  
  " The growth is less rapid than expected ,  "  an Intel spokeswoman said .         Also contributing to the outlook ,  she said ,  were start-up costs associated with a  line  of computers that Intel plans to start shipping in the current quarter and costs of preparing for mass shipments of the company ' s new 80486 chip in the fourth quarter .  
 As part of the restructuring ,  Interlake also said it intends to focus on its core businesses ,  including powder metals ,  aerospace components ,  and storage and handling products .     It plans to divest itself of unrelated  lines  ,  but it didn ' t specify what they are .  
 Royce Laboratories ,  likewise isn ' t profitable .     The company says ,  however ,  that it is awaiting approval from the FDA to manufacture and sell 12 generic prescription drugs and it intends to expand its  line  of over-the-counter drug products to increase revenue .  
   Donnkenny Inc .  was betting lightning would strike again when it put the name of Diane Von Furstenberg ,  the jet-set socialite who had a hot designer label in the 1970s ,  on a  line  of dresses earlier this year .  
 The lawsuit says the name Ivana is widely associated with Mrs .  Trump ' s business dealings ,  and that Pavion Ltd .  ' s Ivana lipstick is  " an attempt to capitalize on {Mrs . } Trump ' s celebrity status .  "         The lawsuit ,  which seeks damages of at least $10 million ,  also says that Mrs .  Trump is using the name for her own  line  of perfume .  
 A decade after its Betamax home-video format lost out to rival VHS ,  Sony Corp .  of America ,  a unit of the Japanese consumer-electronics giant ,  is trying to force its way back into the video limelight with its 8mm format ,  launched four years ago .     Sony hopes to popularize  " Video 8 "  through the concept of  " personal video "  -- video wherever you go -- as exemplified by its Video Walkman  line : tiny battery-operated color mini-TVs with built-in videocassette recorders .  
 Mr .  Tarlow declined to comment ,  but a Revlon spokesman indicated that the agencies were dropped  " for classic client-agency reasons .  "         The only agencies to survive yesterday ' s cut are Ketchum Advertising ,  New York ,  which is working on a major product introduction for a new  line  of hair-care products; and Peter Rogers Associates ,  which handles the advertising for Scaasi ,  a perfume .  
 Young & Rubicam continues as agency of record for network and print media buying .         Hill Holliday handled advertising for Revlon ' s Charlie and Trouble fragrances ,  Clean & Clear hair care  line  and Nutrasome hair care treatment .  
 Analysts say this isn ' t impossible ,  given their own projections that Black & Decker earnings could soar to $5 to $6 a share over the same period .         Black & Decker ' s purchase of General Electric ' s small appliance  line  in 1985  " was more risky than Emhart ,  "  Mr .  Archibald declares .  
 Hartmarx agreed June 27 to sell Country Miss ,  based in Easton ,  Pa .  ,  to LB for about $62 million ,  the filing says .     Country Miss ,  which makes and retails moderately priced sportswear ,  is on the block because it doesn ' t fit into Hartmarx ' s focus on upscale ,  higher-quality clothing  lines  .  
 The company was devastated in the early 1980s ,  when virtually all of its businesses were rocked by a deep recession .     Once an industrial scavenger that grew through acquisitions and turnarounds of mature ,  out-of-favor manufacturers ,  it began shedding virtually all its  lines  and taking huge write-offs in recent years .  
 Taco Bell of Irvine ,  Calif .  ,  another major new client of Foote Cone San Francisco ,  had previously been at Omnicom Group ' s Tracy-Locke agency in Los Angeles .         A strong creative reputation certainly helps Foote Cone and other West Coast agencies like Hal Riney ,  whose national accounts include General Motors '  new Saturn  line  .  
 The highest-priced car ,  the 911 Carrera 4 Cabriolet convertible ,  will remain at $77 , 800 .     The added features include driver-side and passenger-side air bags on all of the company ' s car  lines ; not all 1989 models had air bags .  
  " I think the government wants to use market forces ,  rather than regulations ,  to make the companies achieve economies of scale ,  "  says Mr .  Pinon .         Government free-traders hope that producers will cease production of some  lines  that could more effectively be imported ,  and turn out more of the models they make best .  
 Reebok International Ltd .  said it reached an agreement in principle to buy the Boston Whaler unit of CML Group Inc .  for about $42 million ,  signaling a significant broadening of Reebok ' s product base .         Reebok has made several acquisitions in recent years to expand its athletic footwear and sportswear  lines  .  
 Nonetheless ,  Hewlett-Packard is a huge company with much greater resources than Sun and MIPS .     It dominates the RISC market with its  line  of high-end workstations ,  and is the leading maker of all kinds of workstations with its recent acquisition of Apollo Computer .  
 In the past ,  RISC/UNIX machines have been very expensive ,  and limited mostly to scientific and engineering applications .     But Sun Microsystems has led a movement to offer less expensive workstations that are beginning to compete with IBM ' s PS/2  line  and with Apple Computer ' s Macintosh .  
 HISPANIC TRACKING: Telemundo Group and Univision Holdings ,  as expected ,  signed a contract with A . C .  Nielsen for the development of a national Hispanic TV rating service using people meters .         NEW ACCOUNTS: Crystal Brands Jewelry Group ,  New York ,  awarded its Monet ,  Trifari and Marvella  lines  to Margeotes Fertitta & Weiss ,  New York .  
 Capital spending will total about $34 million in the current fiscal year as the company continues to upgrade plants .     In fiscal 1989 ,  capital outlays totaled $51 million ,  with $11 million going to sharply expand production of oat bran at its Cedar Rapids ,  Iowa ,  plant ,  and another sizable amount to launch a  line  of microwave chili and other entrees in single-serving packs .  
 Ametek Inc .  said it completed the acquisition of General Electric Co .  ' s instrument-products unit in exchange for $110 million and the transfer of an Ametek plastics plant to GE .         Ametek ,  a Paoli ,  Pa .  ,  industrial manufacturer ,  said the acquisition would strongly complement its  lines  of jet-aircraft instruments .  
 That rate was 98% ,  compared with 39% last year ,  the company said .         The rail-intermodal  line  ,  which consists of piggyback trailers ,  domestic containers and chassis ,  represents about 60% of the company ' s business .  
 But the sales increase came off relatively weak 1988 results and indicate a generally lackluster retailing environment likely to continue for the rest of 1989 ,  analysts said .         In general ,  department and specialty stores fared better ,  because of some shift away from bigger ticket purchases such as automobiles to apparel  lines  .  
 At Dallas-based J . C .  Penney Co .  ,  which has increased its dependence on fashion merchandise ,  same-store sales rose 9 . 7% against a 2 . 5% decrease a year ago .     William R .  Howell ,  chairman ,  said the strongest gains resulted from children ' s merchandise ,  but noted that all apparel  lines  had substantial increases .  
 At Minneapolis-based Dayton Hudson Corp .  ,  same-store sales rose 6 . 9% for July and 5 . 9% for the 26 weeks .      " The month ' s sales growth was led by soft  lines  ,  "  said Kenneth A .  Macke ,  chairman and chief executive officer .  
 But with the luxury market soft and consumer confidence about making car purchases waning ,  that may not be enough to establish a strong presence .     The  line  also faces the challenge of forging an identity -- one distinct not only from Lexus ' s rivals but also from Toyota itself .  
 And by borrowing exterior and dashboard-styling cues from Mercedes-Benz ,  say some experts ,  Lexus risks getting a  " copycat "  label instead of a distinct identity .         Also ,  while Lexus ' s prices compare favorably with those of European cars ,  they don ' t look particularly attractive alongside the prices of Ford ' s Lincoln  line  and General Motors Corp .  ' s Cadillac division .  
 But IBM posted an earnings gain of 39%; the rise was just 8% after adjusting the year-earlier results for a restructuring charge and a gain on a sale .     IBM had its first significant revenue gain in the U . S .  in years ,  and got a strong performance from its AS/400 minicomputer  line  -- which wasn ' t yet introduced a year earlier .  
 In his letter ,  Mr .  Jacobs said that ,  like Amway ,  he would sell Avon ' s Giorgio Beverly Hills Inc .  and Parfumes Stern Inc .  units ,  as well as other operations that Avon may be treating as discontinued .     In recent months the New York-based company has been disposing of ancillary businesses to concentrate on its  lines  of household goods and cosmetics ,  which are distributed primarily through a direct-sales force .  
 So ,  a number of vintners ,  large and small ,  are showing signs of battle fatigue .     No .  2-ranked Heublein Inc .  ,  a unit of Grand Metropolitan PLC ,  is registering steep declines in its Almaden and Inglenook  lines  .  
 The sudden recognition worked magic (though it came as something of a shock to the natives ,   " Who do these New Yorkers think they are ,  coming out here and beating us at our own game ?  " ) ,  and the very first vintage sold out quickly .         There wasn ' t much of it ,  however ,  and the vineyard needed cash flow ,  so Bruno came up with the idea of a  line  of inexpensive wines ,  Proprietor ' s Reserve Red and White ,  that were first offered at $2 . 99 a bottle .  
 Sales leaped to 1 . 5 million cases by 1987 ,  with Proprietor ' s Reserve Chardonnay leading the pack .     In fact ,  the success of the Proprietor ' s Reserve  line  adversely affected sales of Glen Ellen ' s estate wines ,  barrel-aged Chardonnay ,  Sauvignon Blanc ,  and Cabernet Sauvignon that were sold mostly to restaurants .  
 Meanwhile ,  Glen Ellen Proprietor ' s Reserve sales continue to soar .     The  line  has now expanded to include a Select Dry White ,  Sauvignon Blanc ,  Merlot and White Zinfandel .  
 Fetzer ' s success is largely due to the enormous popularity of its moderately priced varietals ,  Sundial Chardonnay and Valley Oaks Fume Blanc ,  which sell for about $7 . 50 and $6 respectively .     Fetzer makes a full  line  of varietal wines ,  all excellent value ,  especially the Barrel Select Zinfandel and Reserve Pinot Noir .  
   Data General Corp .  introduced a  line  of personal computers and workstations compatible with International Business Machines Corp .  ' s PC-AT computers .  
 The new models range from a compact desktop machine to a powerful network server and are priced from $2 , 995 to $8 , 495 .     Data General also introduced software that lets PC users communicate with its larger minicomputer  line  .  
 Among other things ,  the companies had been slow in integrating the marketing of both Firestone and Bridgestone brand tires .     For instance ,  Bridgestone tires only recently were added to Firestone ' s  line  at Firestone ' s chain of MasterCare automotive repair stores .  
 BMW ' s sales dropped 15 . 6% ,  while Volkswagen AG ' s sales fell 11 . 7% .     However ,  Volkswagen ' s Audi  line  boosted sales 61 . 5% in July to 2 , 653 vehicles .  
 The rebound came in the wake of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration ' s announcement in mid-July that it had found no mechanical defect in Audi 5000 models that could have caused the cars to suddenly accelerate out of control .     Publicity about sudden acceleration in that now-discontinued model  line  had stained Audi ' s image and helped to depress sales for nearly three years .  
 So the Japan of the 21st century may be expected to assume the role of a mature creditor country ,  importing more than it is exporting ,  and earning more from its foreign asset holdings than it is investing abroad to add to them .         Finally ,  the deep-seated mercantilist orientation of the Japanese economy will probably be buffeted by two strong forces in the international trade arena: formal and informal protectionism in the U . S .  and European markets as well as the displacement of Japanese consumer durable products by competing  lines  from South Korea ,  Taiwan ,  Singapore and Hong Kong .  
 However ,  Makita failed to convince the judge that its so-called trade dress is distinctive enough .         The ITC ' s call echoed its 1987 decision upholding an administrative law judge ' s ruling to dismiss Samsonite Corp .  ' s complaint that four Taiwanese manufacturers illegally copied one of the Colorado firm ' s popular luggage  lines  .  
 It is limited only by the creativity of the people who ' ll relaunch it .  "         Mr .  Carosi insists Hasbro has made some advances in the area of  line  extensions .  
 After a swig ,  Mr .  Carosi says ,  the doll burps .     And then there ' s the Designer Cabbage Patch  line  that features dolls dressed in trendy fashions .  
 He adds ,  however ,  that Video Air is starting to try tying in advertisers with movies .     For  " Rain Man ,  "  whose video release will include a national ad for Buick ,  Video Air is  " trying to get local Buick dealers to do a tag at the end of the ad ,  saying ,   ' come see our  line  of Buicks at your local dealer ,  '  "  Mr .  Mathis says .  
 But Wertheim ' s Mr .  Gelles is doubtful .      " Generally ,   line  extensions just prolong the agony by increasing the reliance on those products ,  which don ' t grow as fast as their precursors ,  "  he says .  
 Notably ,  before the FDA ' s procedures were revised by the Waxman-Hatch Act of 1984 ,  the agency made the generic makers go through a battery of additional chemical and other tests to prove their drugs '  effectiveness and safety ,  not just bioequivalence .     But Congress wanted to create more price competition in many pharmaceutical  lines  ,  and therefore expedited the FDA ' s treatment of generic drug applications .  
 The company has invested more than $4 million in HDTV production gear ,  says Barry Rebo ,  president .     With 40 employees and about $3 . 5 million in annual revenue ,  Rebo produces HDTV programming and is developing a  line  of specialty equipment for HDTV production .  
 Some firms ,  like Horchow Mail Order Inc .  in Dallas and Sharper Image Co .  in San Francisco ,  offer only limited guarantees on merchandise -- a bold departure from a tradition among catalog companies of luring customers away from retailers with lifetime warranties .         Some firms ,  like Spiegel Inc .  of Oak Brook ,  Ill .  ,  and Sears ,  Roebuck & Co .  ,  Chicago ,  discontinued  lines  with higher return rates .  
 Viag ' s expansion also has focused on aluminum operations ,  in its Vereinigte Aluminium Werke AG .  Viag has increased smelting capacity through the purchase of a 20% stake in a Canadian smelter that is being built .         The company also is effectively adding a  line  ,  refractory products and industrial ceramics ,  by boosting its stake in Didier-Werke AG to 49% from 27% .  
 Octel Communications Corp .  ,  Milpitas ,  Calif .  ,  said fiscal fourth-quarter earnings rose 57% ,  and announced plans to sell 1 . 5 million common shares .         Octel ,  citing  " good results selling our voice-processing  line  to large corporate customers ,  "  said profit for the quarter ,  ended June 30 ,  was $3 . 3 million ,  or 21 cents a share ,  compared with $2 . 1 million ,  or 15 cents a share ,  a year earlier .  
  " People will turn to the next question: What kind of real momentum will be created by the combination of these businesses ?  "  asks David MacCallum ,  a New York pharmaceutical analyst for San Francisco brokers Hambrecht & Quist Inc .      " I don ' t think there ' s anything those two organizations will do that will create significant momentum for the top (sales)  line  .  "  
 Mr .  Gumucio said Cray is encountering discount pricing by IBM ,  particularly in bidding for university contracts .     Convex is being aggressive in battling for departmental-sized machines ,  at the low end of Cray ' s  line  .  
 But now ,  its white-collar ranks have ballooned to 31 , 000 .         Much of this was the by-product of Chrysler ' s 1987 acquisition of American Motors Corp .  and its hot-selling Jeep  line  .  
 Just yesterday ,  Chrysler doubled the rebates on those Omni and Horizon subcompacts to $1 , 500 -- a whopping 23% discount .     Such discounting put more pressure on its minivans and Jeeps to generate profit ,  but those  lines  are about to be bombarded by new competitors .  
 Three years ago ,  that all changed .     Doraville was selected to build a new  line  of midsized coupes ,  code-named  " GM-10 "  and costing $5 billion to develop .  
 The firm ' s problems really began in the mid-1980s ,  when it decided against seeking a share of the new generation of fighters envisioned by the Navy in order to concentrate its technical and financial resources on an overriding goal: winning the multibillion-dollar contract to build a replacement for the bulbous-nosed A-6 Intruder ,  the Navy ' s only long-range ,  all-weather bomber .     But the company isn ' t among the firms picked for that contract ,  leaving it without a new  line  of warplanes when production of its battle-tested but aging models is phased out .  
 GM is merely suffering -- and hunting for a cure .     It is adding four-door sedans to the GM-10  line  .     It is converting two auto plants to truck production ,  closing a car plant in Framingham ,  Mass .  ,  this summer ,  and planning to squeeze production of one of its large-car lines into two assembly plants instead of three .  
 But it must also serve existing buyers of its older computers ,  which provide the bulk of sales .      " The decline of Data General ' s existing proprietary products continue to overshadow the transition to the new Unix-based  line  ,  "  said Barry F .  Willman ,  an analyst with Sanford C .  Bernstein & Co .  
   Boeing Co .  ' s second-quarter net income jumped 20% on stronger revenue ,  but the world ' s leading aircraft maker stressed that it continues  " to face significant challenges and risks "  in both its commercial and military  lines  .  
  " You still have to convince homeowners that this (Dymetrol) performs better than springs ,  "  Mr .  Bost says .         Industry experts also say that Sears ,  which of late has been stressing its  " everyday low prices ,  "  may be hindered in its ability to sell its  line  ,  which it has positioned as more fashionable and more expensive than the typical furniture it sells .  
  " Sears has the clout and the credibility when it comes to furniture ,  "  says Jerry Epperson ,  a securities analyst at Wheat First Securities .         Sears and Du Pont introduced the Lasting Images furniture  line  at the American Craft Museum here in a model living room similar to the ones that will be set up this fall in 450 of Sears '  larger stores .  
 Mr .  Marasek has been known to sew a loaf of bread together to prevent the cast from tripping over a fallen slice .     Eating itself poses a risk to actors ,  who may swallow more than their  lines  .  
  " Planter ' s is giving us cashews for  ' Broadway Bound ,  '  "  says Mr .  Marasek .      " The cast goes through a pound a show ,  even though there ' s only a  line  about one nut in the script .  
 Macbeth is crowned king ,  but he is consumed by guilt .     Experiencing gradual disintegration ,  he utters the  lines  that signal the futility of his existence: 
 Mr .  Boesky -- whose prep-school education presumably included an introduction to Greek and Shakespearean tragedies -- may have been less surprised than others by his own downfall .     Perhaps he remembered the  line  from Shakespeare ' s  " Henry VIII " :  " Cromwell ,  I charge thee ,  fling away ambition ,  by that sin fell the angels .  "  
  " First of all ,  I can ' t stand movies with titles I can ' t pronounce ,  "  says one .     He shows us actors trained in Shakespeare stumbling over such tryout  lines  as:  " I ain ' t be got no weapon .  "  
 Indeed ,  it is rumored that some firms in New York at times dispense entirely with lengthy bills and detailed per-hour calculations .     Clients reportedly get a one-page bill on which is written a single  line  .  
 Not until he got to Emerson College ,  where he majored in directing ,  did he learn to speak fluently .     As he recalls his college days ,  he interrupts himself to rattle off the first six  lines  of Moliere ' s  " The Misanthrope .  "  
 No one questions Mr .  Dole ' s mastery of the details of government and his quick wit ,  but it still isn ' t clear whether he will be able to project vision ,  to talk less about committee action and more about conviction .         The entreaties to add a broader vision and a rhetorical lilt to the candidate ' s appeal -- to force a speaker accustomed to the Senate chamber to project his voice to a national audience -- are plainly jarring to Mr .  Dole ,  who is uncomfortable with the touch of Tennyson that crept into the political speeches of the Kennedy brothers or with the  lines  from Lincoln that are the staples of Republican speeches .  
 The agency is trying to determine whether a unit of Giant Group Ltd .  ,  a Beverly Hills ,  Calif . -based cement concern controlled by Mr .  Sugarman ,  and other entities with TRE holdings failed to disclose that they were acting in concert ,  sources said .     Because of a production error some  lines  were dropped in an earlier edition .  
 The speech largely was written not by the usual team of White House speechwriters ,  but by an outsider to the administration ,  Landon Parvin .     Mr .  Parvin has written some of First Lady Nancy Reagan ' s anti-drug speeches as well as gag  lines  for a number of well-known Washington officials ,  including former Chief of Staff Regan .  
 I wish I could remember who -- wrote ,   " There ' s no sport righter than a sportswriter .  "     It ' s a cute  line  ,  but untrue .  
 Three months later ,  when the tune was given the song-slide treatment ,   " Take Me Out to the Ball Game "  became a big hit .         Twelve to 16 colored transparencies were usually necessary to illustrate a song ,  one slide for each  line  of lyrics .  
 The brief shot opens with him saying:  " When I said I never knew a thing about the Watergate break-in ,  you probably didn ' t believe me ,  did you ?  "     That  line  is followed by a description of Mr .  Ehrlichman as  " an unbelievable person for an unbelievable product .  "  
 As it stands ,  awkward as a boy who walks naked into the  " Y "  pool and discovers a crowd gathered for a swim meet ,   " Ishtar "  provides embarrassment ,  but also laughter .     Ms .  May has written some great jokes and clever  lines : for example ,  the way Jack Weston ,  who does a brief but amusing stint as the low-level talent agent who represents the duo ,  sums up his clients '  career prospects .  
 The news provides a lot of the jokes .     About a half hour before the show ,  the cast of six gathers backstage to brainstorm about new  lines  .  
 Although a former Democrat and teachers-union activist ,  he earned a reputation as a fiscal conservative during his two terms as mayor of Tampa ,  Fla .  ,  by slashing property taxes .     As a gubernatorial candidate ,  Mr .  Martinez ,  the grandson of Spanish immigrants ,  mocked his Democratic opponent ,  Steve Pajcic ,  with  lines  such as:  " He never met a tax he didn ' t like .  "  
 People go about finding one in different ways .     The industrious will buy the Daily Racing Form and peruse the long  lines  of tiny numbers that constitute the horses '  biographies .  
 But  " The Bronx Zoo "  sweats and strains all the same ,  regaling us poor understimulated viewers with oodles of lip-moistening ,  hip-grinding dirty talk .         While Harry and Sara talk a good game ,  the action is less convincing -- perhaps because the two actors ,  David Wilson and Kathryn Harrold ,  can ' t conceal their boredom with the stupid  lines  they have to recite .  
 Mr .  Werner ,  a 27-year-old litigation specialist with Kirkpatrick & Lockhart ,  also described how a firm might review the work of a young associate named Abraham Lincoln:  " About your work habits: You can ' t turn in your speech on the back of an envelope .   .   .   .     And this first  line  ,   ' Fourscore and seven years .  '  
 Their shortsighted commitment to quarterly figures skews the market and can be addressed only through new federal legislation .         Their testimony reminded me of the  line  in the comic strip  " Pogo " :  " We have met the enemy and he is us .  "  
 A local minister forbade his congregation to see  " Hamlet "  -- presumably because of cuss words added by the company .     And there were mishaps ,  as when Gus Watson ,  the grocer ,  forgot the  line   " How now Lord Hamlet "  and settled for  " Hi .  "  
 Telephone  lines  linking home terminals to the company ' s central computer weren ' t always reliable .      " We ' d lose a line in the middle of transmission ,  and many times have to redo the work ,  "  says Raymond Howell ,  who helped oversee Hartford ' s yearlong experiment .  
 NATURAL LIGHTING ,  subdued colors ,  extreme close-ups and a grainy film quality all contribute to the true-to-life feel of cinema verite ads .     Also ,  people in the ads speak with a natural cadence ,  using colloquial phrases and punctuating their  lines  with pauses and an occasional  " uh "  or  " you know .  "  
 We have only four teeth .         Bayles: ALF ,  you used that  line  in a recent episode !  
  " He ' s quiet ,  not particularly argumentative ,  and he knows what questions to ask .     If a lawyer forgets any of his  lines  ,  Nate is the first to prompt him .  "  
 Behind the scenes ,  however ,  another battle was brewing within Congress itself .     The budget resolution contains a  line  that is likely to create a furor in the oil industry and between lawmakers from different regions of the country .  
  " The way I always cast is ,  Would I want to sit next to him in a bar ?  "  he says .     Adds Michael Forman ,  a Hollywood talent agent ,   " We have models that can ' t for the life of them deliver a  line  .  "  
 IBM is expected to spend $30 million advertising the new products in the next three months .     The barrage began with a full-page newspaper ad yesterday that carried no company name and ended with a single  line :  " Here we go again .  "  
 The decisive  " no "  vote was cast by an executive who thought the novel was an adolescent fantasy ,  and said the author would do well to consult a therapist about his problem .     The  line  found its way into the novel .  
 Her own marriage is an even richer source for the strip .     Mrs .  Johnston often interrupts a marital argument to jot down a particularly good  line  ,  says her husband ,  Rod .  
 The success of the cookies led her to team up with Deborah Kaufman ,  an arts administrator ,  to form Divines Inc .     The company ' s first product ,  called Divine Poetry in Chocolate ,  is a hand-folded ,  chocolate-dipped fortune cookie containing  lines  from a poet ,  such as Oscar Wilde or Gertrude Stein .  
   Percentage figures were slightly off in one  line  of a table accompanying Warren Brookes ' s article on yesterday ' s editorial page .  
 One reads far too much about cocaine addiction these days for either reaction .     What caught my eye were a couple of  lines  in which McLain explains why he felt he was above the kind of constraints that might have led him to think twice about using the illegal and harmful drug .  
 Mr .  Resnais compares the melodrama to a Puccini opera .      " I wanted it to be like a drawing you make without lifting the pen off the paper -- I wanted the audience to be moved by the  line  ,  the simplicity of the line .  "  
 Agreement even on relatively trivial matters ,  such as common safety standards for forklifts or children ' s toys ,  takes years .         So many tedious Council of Ministers meetings end without real progress on major issues that reporters joke that there is one opening  line  that serves for 90% of their stories .  
 As a Wall Street Journal reporter ,  I ' m often asked for advice on good investments .     I respond with such old  lines  as:  " Want to make a small fortune in the markets ?  
 GABELLI EQUITY TRUST INC .  had a net asset value of $9 . 36 and a closing price of 8 7/8 as of Friday .     In the listing of publicly traded funds in an earlier edition ,  the  lines  were reversed .  
  " Oh ,  what a tangled web we weave ,  when first we practice to deceive ,  "  recited Assistant U . S .  Attorney Sheldon Light ,  citing Sir Walter ' s 19th-century poem  " Marmion .  "     Moving ahead 100 years ,  he closed with Mr .  Dylan ' s immortal  line  ,   " You don ' t need a weatherman to know which way the wind blows .  "  
 Although there ' s no plot to speak of ,  the cast includes the title character ,  a seer who talks to the birds (and they to him ,  natch); numerous believers and skeptical passers-by; a host of gods and goddesses; the personification of sorrow; and the personification of laughter .     There are also  lines  for  " A Thousand Voices "  (muffled) and  " The Distant Mountains "  (which say  " MOGOOOO !  
 She could be a young mother or a career girl ,  "  he says .      " But when you read the first two  lines  ,  she isn ' t that way anymore .  {She is} out sleeping around .  "  
 Virginius Dabney ,  now 85 ,  adds a prefatory note about the inception of this selection from his books and newspaper writing .     Occasionally he inserts a few  lines  of comment at the head of a chapter .  
 No one ,  least of all Mr .  Hall ,  would say that the answers are all in on the future of the DTC .     But for the moment he can afford to take a deep breath and maybe even sing one of Randy Newman ' s  lines  from a song in  " All the King ' s Men " : I ' m all right now .  
 America is the land of the Norman Rockwell small towns of his Hollywood youth .     Doubtless Ollie North ' s deeds remind the president of his own intrepid exploits in films like  " Desperate Journey ,  "  where he helped Errol Flynn escape from a Nazi POW camp; the famous last  line  was ,   " now for Australia and a crack at those Japs !  "  
 Charles Boyer didn ' t say it to Hedy Lamarr in the 1938 film  " Algiers .  "     But the famous  line  that never was has lent the oldest section of this capital an image of glamour and romance -- and not without justification .  
 He never grew up and his verse is bogged in his Swansea childhood .  "     But in writing such  lines  will you allow yourself to think you are not paying off Dylan for his inimitable verbal talent ?  
 The big question about him is whether he can excite voters on the stump .     Seemingly anticipating this problem yesterday ,  he delivered  lines  that echoed John F .  Kennedy .  
 But there must be something between overstylized video imagery and this lifeless stuff; beer commercials carry more of a wallop .     Ms .  Jett makes something out of Patti despite the  lines  Mr .  Schrader has given her .  
 Nobody else made any impact ,  and not much was gained by chucking the opera ' s traditional spoken dialogue in favor of some recently discovered recitatives penned by Massenet after the 1884 premiere at the Opera-Comique .     On the other hand ,  the Met forces its  " Carmen "  cast to speak the original French dialogue instead of the traditional orchestrated  lines  .  
  " Who knew the market would go up so far ,  so fast ,  this early in the year ?  "  says Greg Confair ,  the president of Sigma Financial Inc .  ,  an Allentown ,  Pa .  ,  investment adviser .      " It ' s proof of the old  line  that the market will always act in a way to frustrate the greatest number of people .  "  
   It started out with a  line  in Ronald Reagan ' s 1986 State of the Union address asking a member of his cabinet to come up with a program in which  " the private sector and government can work together "  to protect Americans hit by catastrophic illnesses from financial ruin .  
 How many but-for arguments ,   " res ipsa "  claims and 1 , 000-word footnotes can our culture absorb ?     How many more federal judges can get by with  lines  like ,   " We write ,  therefore ,  on a relatively  " tabula rasa ,  "  despite the burgeoning field of securities law .  "  
 Mr .  Iacocca has repeatedly said he doesn ' t want the nomination and appeared eager to send that message again following the board meeting .          " I ' m stealing a  line  from the president and going for four more years ,  but I ' m doing them in Detroit ,  and not in Washington ,  "  he said .  
 However it is also rearranged and out of context to suit Mr .  Billingsley ' s contention .     The very next  line  of my statment made it clear that I had been speaking satirically and that those views did NOT represent my own attitudes .     Mr .  Billingsley did not see fit to quote that line .  
 The Postal Service said it will modify its contract with ElectroCom Automation Inc .  of Arlington ,  Texas ,  in order to acquire more sophisticated mail-sorting equipment .         The new contract will mandate design changes so the equipment will be able to  " read "  several  lines  of a typed address on a business-size envelope .     The original ElectroCom contract ,  valued at about $200 million ,  was for the delivery of 406 mailsorters capable of reading only one line .  
 In the famous final scene of the 1939 film  " Gone With the Wind ,  "  Rhett Butler ,  free at last from Scarlett ' s spell after being led around by the nose for three hours and 40 minutes ,  responds to her ultimate tirade with a sad ,  debonair:  " Frankly ,  my dear ,  I don ' t give a damn .  "     Even today ,  audiences greet the  line  with cheers and applause .  
 He stomped around Tampa threatening to molest the Skins in various ugly ways ,  including tearing off their lips (ugh ! ) .         Alzado also got off the best pre-SB  line  I ' ve heard .  
 American Express officials say the company received a standing ovation at the rally when one of their marketers told the crowd ,   " We ' re mile-high on the Broncos .  "     Adds the company ' s Mr .  Freeman ,   " How could you pass up a marketing  line  like that ?  "  
  " Lorillard won ' t publicly admit it made a mistake ,  even though the people there are concerned about the controversy and will be altering the ads ,  "  says a source close to the company .     But Sara Ridgway ,  a Lorillard spokeswoman ,  asserts that the campaign won ' t be killed and that if there are any changes ,   " the essence of the ads ,  including the  line  ,   ' The experience you seek ,  '  will remain the same .  "  
 A preface of a single page or less accompanies each play .     There is a glossary ,  and for the  " Sonnets "  an index of first  lines  .  
 Sure one day to enter standard books of quotations was Sir Robert ' s admission that sometimes in his role as chief mandarin he had to be  " economical with the truth .  "     That  line  ,  says Peter Hennessy ,  a British political commentator ,   " could have come straight out of Sir Humphrey ' s mouth in  ' Yes ,  Prime Minister .  '   "  Sir Humphrey Appleby ,  in the TV show ,  holds the same job as Sir Robert holds in real life under Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher .  
 The House and Senate committees investigating the Iran/contra affair are trying to work out an agreement to meet on alternate days .     That way neither will upstage the other as each new revelation is milked ,  like a fine  line  from Hamlet ,  for all it ' s worth .  
 But what ,  exactly ?     Beyond memorizing the  lines  and moving about in an appropriate way ,  what does an actor do ?  
  " I play the friend of another psychiatrist ,  who is perplexed because her patient ,  a compulsive gambler ,  wants to commit suicide ,  "  says Miss Skala .      " But a lot of my  lines  were difficult to understand .  
 In one instance ,  Miss Skala was able to tone down some raw dialogue by suggesting a substitute joke she remembered from her acting career in Austria ,  where she was born .     In a scene with Miss Crouse ,  she added a  line  ,   " You need joy .  "  
 Charles Lindbergh ' s historic words were ,   " I made it .  "     Neil Armstrong uttered the neatly crafted  " one small step "   lines  .  
  " They are intrigued ,  "  adds Ms .  Emmons ,   " because never has the technical mattered so much .     In other productions you kill yourself to make a chair and the director will just throw it out if they cut the  line  about the chair .  
 But the API ,  joined by some groups professing concern for  " national security ,  "  has begun suggesting that another energy crisis might develop sometime in the near future ,  probably by the mid-1990s .         Where have we heard that  line  before ?  
 As it happened ,  much of the oil industry fared very well under controls ,  mainly because of the system of  " entitlements "  that acted as a subsidy to companies that depended heavily on imported oil .     We wonder to this day whether the Shell and Exxon executives who peddled the  " impending shortage "   line  back then had foreseen how well their private interests would be served .  
 At one point last week ,  the jurors sent word to Judge Cook that they were deadlocked on the loan issue ,  but Judge Cook sent back a note telling them to  " continue to deliberate ,  "  Mr .  Bryce said .         He said the instruction that most confused the jurors as they continued to deliberate was one  line  on a special verdict form that read ,   " Without such unanimous agreement ,  you must find the defendant not guilty of count one "  -- a racketeering charge .  
 He said the instruction that most confused the jurors as they continued to deliberate was one  line  on a special verdict form that read ,   " Without such unanimous agreement ,  you must find the defendant not guilty of count one "  -- a racketeering charge .         Mr .  Bryce said the jurors asked the judge for a specific clarification of that one line .  
 If you ' re not abusing me ,  you ' re embarrassing me .  "         I didn ' t fully appreciate this  line  of dialog until the movie was over .  
 The Rev .  Pat Robertson has good ideas ,   " but I don ' t think we ' re ready for him .  "     There ' s  " something about "  Rep .  Kemp  " that makes it impossible for people to understand what he is saying ,  "  and when a fellow GOP candidate told her Mr .  Kemp reminded him of the Strategic Defense Initiative -- about 60% effective -- she asked whether she could borrow the  line  .  
 Mr .  O ' Neill may be the sort of man who watched  " General Electric Theatre ,  "  but even retirement has not mellowed his view of Ronald Reagan ,  who entered politics in a fashion alien to Mr .  O ' Neill and who dominated Washington in the years of his speakership .      " Most of the time he was an actor reading  lines  ,  who didn ' t understand his own programs ,  "  Mr .  O ' Neill writes .  
 The command to shoot escapees has been made into law .     Even their national anthem is no longer sung because a  line  in the text says ,   ' Germany ,  united fatherland .  '  "  
 These are the kinds of answers that could come from children in any school in any stable ,  decent community ,  and for a moment it is possible to forget that the moral and physical blight of the ghetto is just outside .         But suddenly it intrudes in a single  line  ,  tortuously written and full of misspellings ,  produced by a 15-year-old girl .  
 Mr .  Abbott arrived here in early April ,  and after two grueling days of auditions set to work with the 20-member cast .     At first the actors were put off by Mr .  Abbott ' s practice of telling performers exactly how to say a  line  and where to move .  
 But gradually I added schoolboy stuff: a tug at the forelock ,  digging my shoe in the carpet .     Three weeks into the run the laughs were gone ,  and George said to me: Just say the  lines  flat without those curlicues .  
   MOVIE BUFFS remember the  line  .  
 The same arrangement will be used to portion out $12 , 000 gifts from next week ' s dinner ,  preceded by cocktails at Mr .  Gorog ' s home in McLean ,  Va .     The invitation includes 15  lines  of fine print explaining ,   " in accordance with Federal Election Regulations ,  11 CFR 9034 . 8(c)(3) ,  "  how the money will flow .  
 It is appropriate to ask whether ,  in our contemporary ,  deregulated transportation environment ,  the law promotes or encumbers public-interest considerations; whether nothing more is needed than to transfer the two industries to the other law; or whether ,  in an attempt to change ,  the collision of special interests in Congress might reshuffle the deck in some unpredictable way that would not serve either the public or the industries .         For people who have invested their careers in one or the other of the Railway Labor Act industries ,  these are profound questions that deserve more than a throwaway  line  in what is otherwise a constructive editorial .  
 Richard Lederer writes in Verbatim ,  the Language Quarterly ,  that a version of the song in early French had the suitor offering only a partridge ,  or une pertriz .     A 1718 English version combined partridge and pertriz so that the  line  came out sounding like a partridge in a pear tree .  
 That Smart was a native of nearby Baton Rouge ,  La .  -- a mere set shot from his Superdome heroics -- added piquancy to the show .         The truth-is-stranger  line  was stronger at the Masters ,  where winner Mize ,  a longtime also-ran ,  was a home-town boy who had cut his spikes at Augusta Country Club ,  just across the fence from the august Augusta National course where the tourney is held .  
 For the taping ,  he brought together the scores of politicians who have appeared on Agildo in Wonderland over the past nine months .     All they had to do was wave beer glasses and sing a wish for the New Year ,  including these  lines : 
 Pennzoil further caved in when it dropped its demand for interest totaling about $1 million a day until payment of the settlement .         Mr .  Kinnear stationed himself at Weil Gotschal with his battery of attorneys as the draft plan was examined  line  by line .  
  " At night ,  before we ' d go to sleep ,  Jack liked to play some records; and the song he loved most came at the very end of this record .     The  lines  he loved to hear were:  ' Don ' t let it be forgot ,  that once there was a spot ,  for one brief shining moment that was known as Camelot .  '  "  
   Newspaper editor Francis P .  Church became famous for a 1897 editorial ,  addressed to a child ,  that included the  line   " Yes ,  Virginia ,  there is a Santa Claus .  "  
 Dawn Upshaw did not become the hot new soprano overnight ,  just almost overnight .     Three years ago she was a graduate student making her Metropolitan Opera debut with  " three  lines  and a great costume "  as the Countess Ceprano in  " Rigoletto .  "  
 But he sees little reason to believe that its measures to decentralize economic decisions will achieve their goal of inspiring greater productivity and creativity .         One joke Mr .  Birman hears from friends back home reverses that old Karl Marx  line  about capitalism being a necessary stage on the road to socialism .  
   Federal Reserve Board Chairman Alan Greenspan borrowed a  line  from his predecessor ,  Paul Volcker ,  and called upon the Reagan administration and Congress to take further steps toward closing the budget deficit .  
  " Wall Street Casualty ,  "  says another ,  followed by ads headed  " Post Black Mon Value "  and  " Crash victim anxious for immed sale .  "         Some of these  lines  may be just attention-getters .  
 Possibly still lacking is a sense of whimsy .     Some nutty  lines  fell flat .  
 Reporters from Miami staked out his house and discovered Donna Rice .         And Sen .  Biden ,  the Democratic Demosthenes ,  unhorsed for borrowing class-conscious  lines  from a celebrated speech by Neil Kinnock ,  long-winded leader of Great Britain ' s socialist party .  
 It turned out ,  too ,  that Mr .  Biden really wasn ' t the student at college and law school he had said he was .      " I exaggerate when I get angry ,  "  said the senator ,  in a  line  that would have sent H . L .  Mencken running for his trusty Corona typewriter .  
 You ' ve landed in the  ' 50s ,  taking in still another earnest ,  angry melodrama about the failures of the system to recognize that eccentrics aren ' t necessarily crazy .     You ' re hearing  lines  such as:  " A divorced woman is a target .  
 Nevertheless ,  the composer called his  " Desert Song "  a romantic operetta and it was staged as such at the 1926 premiere .     Society having made a few small advances since then ,  director/choreographer Robert Johanson staged the piece as a parody ,  apparently revising parts of the libretto though I wouldn ' t own up to it if I were he since no  line  uttered suggested a modern mind at work .  
 A British scientist is risking his life to get it out .     I am hooked from the opening  line : 
 The movie ' s only bona fide star is James Earl Jones as  " Few Clothes "  Johnson ,  the impromptu leader of the black scabs .     Though his  lines  are few ,  the sheer bulk of his body and that resonant voice make his presence felt throughout .  
 Next week ,  however ,  a tiny Silicon Valley firm will introduce a new reader that appears to provide a price breakthrough in reading technology .     Closely held TransImage Corp .  ' s $2 , 600 hand-held reader can be swept along a  line  of text in a book or magazine and instantly turn it into computer code for editing ,  altering or inserting into letters or manuals .  
 Will he try to take her home ?          " You are putting me in a very delicate position ,  "  he says ,  in what seems to be a stock  line  for August bachelors .  
   The last two  lines  are probably the most familiar: 
 And even though he ' s led us to believe that we were in for an evening of sentimental comedy ,  we let him get away with it .     But when he brings all the survivors onstage to weep disconsolately at their loss ,  and then ,  with a single mean  line  of dialogue sets them all laughing again we won ' t buy it .  
 The networks say they have to police commercials ,  because ads encourage people to imitate them ,  while programming is merely meant to entertain .     Typically ,  advertisers send to the networks storyboards of planned commercials; then the networks examine every  line  and nuance ,  often sending commercials back for changes and sometimes rejecting them altogether .  
 The group catches his enthusiasm .      " In a thousand years I couldn ' t come up with a  line  like this ,  "  says Mr .  Gross .  
 In numerous flashback scenes ,  we see him brutalizing his wife ,  his son ,  and his daughter ,  Elena .     Since it ' s impossible to judge the literary quality of a play when its  lines  are being simultaneously translated via headphones ,  it ' s hard to know if  " Renidero "  is really as didactic as it seemed to me .  
 This time ,  however ,  the formula flounders .     Oh ,  there are funny  lines  and antic scenes: For example ,  Mr .  Gently ,  the holistic private dick ,  promises to  " solve the whole crime "  and to  " find the whole person ,  "  and a university don ' s nose is described as bearing a striking resemblance to  " the controversial keel which had helped the Australians win the America ' s Cup in 1983 .  "  
 Globe editors say Mr .  Taylor ' s hand is light .      " We talk over major things ,  but Bill doesn ' t look over every  line  of copy ,  "  says Martin Nolan ,  editorial page editor .  
 This latest  " Jaws ,  "  the fourth in the series ,  is doing good business ,  though the audience I saw it with didn ' t seem very scared ,  or very involved in any way at all .     No one gasped when the shark (was it always so obviously fake ? ) chomped human snacks ,  nor did anyone boo or hiss at the silly  lines  and generally awful performances .  
 According to one current school of opinion ,  love is no longer compatible with female self-respect .     This opinion is reflected in the scene where Molly fails to get a rise out of her psychiatrist until she blurts out the  line  about still loving Fred .  
 Then the doctor pricks up her ears; clearly ,  here is evidence of a serious disorder .     And the same  line  is quoted in this week ' s TV Guide article about Blair Brown ,  the actress who plays Molly ,  as evidence of the contrast between the fictional Molly and the real-life Ms .  Brown .  
   Paul Maslin ,  poll taker and political strategist ,  says he can predict now the single  line  that will set off the biggest ovation at next summer ' s Democratic National Convention .  
 Most virtuous of all is Ritchie ,  played by Lou Diamond Phillips ,  who with his sweet face and delicate carriage already looks frozen into sainthood .     He walks around the camp ,  his guitar tucked under his arm ,  exuding goodness and  lines  like:  " My dreams are pure rock and roll .  "  
 With his eyes darting and intelligent ,  Adm .  Poindexter had a professorial demeanor and a wonderful prop ,  his pipe .     He had some good  lines  too ,  including the climactic words the whole plot had been building toward:  " The buck stops here ,  with me .  "  
 The instrumentalists managed to cover the voices without much trouble ,  but Mr .  Levine and the orchestra never summoned the full-blooded sound and the energy that Schoenberg ' s huge score wants .     Among the soloists ,  Tatiana Troyanos made a marvelously affecting Wood Dove; Philip Creech was expert as Klaus the Fool ,  and Mr .  Castel handled the  lines  of the Speaker most effectively .  
  " Blacks talk to their stars on the screen .     If they hear a clever  line  ,  they ' ll say ,   ' Get down .  '  
   Those brief  lines  tell much about the history of farming in this area .  
 To help doctors and medical students sort through the thousands of pills and potions on the market ,  another computer program called McDope ,  written at McMaster University in Ontario ,  allows the user to administer drugs to a variety of patients and immediately witness the likely results .     Until it was revised ,  the program included this  line :  " Your patient just died; do you have a good lawyer ?  "  
 Joan Rivers provides the voice of a robot lady-in-waiting .     Her  lines  are disappointingly dull but there ' s great pleasure in hearing that voice come out of a shapely ,  skinny body that looks as though it ' s been dipped in gold lame from head to toe .  
 Besides that ,  fashions in marriage change as in other things .     That  line  in the wedding ceremony about  " until death do us part "  seems nowadays a tie less binding than in former times .  
 Conductor Paul Nadler controlled the ebb and flow of Tchaikovsky ' s score with an expert hand .     Baritone Mark Pedrotti delivered Onegin ' s haughty  lines  with a sneer as wide as Siberia ,  but his singing was considerably more detailed and refined .  
 Sometimes he stops to review a detail .     He ' s dissatisfied with a couple of deliveries ,  and Mr .  Kosberg notes the  lines  .  
 He vowed to combat unfair trade practices overseas ,  create an agricultural policy that works ,  help the homeless ,  build strong families with strong values ,  and fight crime and violence .         And in a  line  that seemed to puzzle the Carthaginians ,  he said that  " the ancient practice of human sacrifice ,  once commonplace throughout the world ,  is now obsolete .  "  
 He has ,  after all ,  been writing familiar essays for a long time ,  and he has his moves down pat .     Perfect titles ( " They Said You Was High-Class " ) and perfect opening  lines  ( " How do things stand with you and the seven deadly sins ?  " ) are standard equipment .  
 Pennzoil last week purchased advertisements in 35 U . S .  cities and in the International Herald Tribune .     The top  line  read ,   " On November 13 ,  1987 ,  The Wall Street Journal refused to run ,  unedited ,  this Pennzoil ad .  "  
  " I like to feel comfortable with doing good while I go about doing what I do well ,  "  he asserts .         Mr .  Delfin ,  who has the born salesman ' s easy grin and smooth  line  of patter ,  is now focusing on raising money for the Red Cross ' s disaster relief fund ,  which totals about $30 million a year .  
  " The study shows the extent to which the most privileged in our society have reaped tremendous benefits from Reagan administration tax policies ,  "  said Senator Mitchell ,  invoking the ancient theme of class warfare .         We wonder if the senator bothered to read the study ,  because if he had he might have recalled the famous  line  about damn lies and statistics .  
 An exquisite little painting by Jean-Jacques Hauer shows another French lady friend of Wordsworth who did not: Madame Rolland sits in her drawing room with her harp ,  pet dog and Lafayette .     Plucky to the last ,  she managed a much-quoted  line  before tied down to the plank:  " Ah ,  Liberty !  
 The 1923 classic Mr .  Feshbach touted once again is making the late ,  legendary Jesse Livermore a cult figure .     The notorious stock-market speculator from 1891 to 1940 probably is best remembered for the  line  ,   " I never argue with the tape .  "  
 Those men who ,  like me ,  have been removed for some years from the ceaseless bird-dogging of their college days will enjoy Ms .  Hite ' s listing of  " pickup  lines  "  now popular in college watering holes .     For every line that employs the tools of the New Age --  " I ' ve been taking all these women ' s studies courses and I ' m so confused about my sexuality "  -- there ' s one that counterbalances it with time-honored male logic: for example ,   " I bought you a beer !  "  
 When the schoolkids put on their end-of-the-year concert in  " Sarafina !  "  it ' s capped by a galvanizing number called  " Bring Back Nelson Mandela .  "     The afternoon I saw the show ,  a small knot of South Africans in the audience shouted  " Yes !  "  each time a  line  of the song invoked the name of a South African martyr .  
 Either way ,  Mr .  Cavett is ill at ease -- shifting uncertainly from foot to foot ,  fidgeting with his hands .     Under the time pressure ,  he botches  lines  and says inane things (of a mid-match 200-200 tie he commented ,   " I can ' t help noticing the score is fairly even " ) .  
 And occasionally ,  the love-struck Vincent even rises above scriptwriter banality .     Instead of mouthing  lines  like  " I really care about what we have together ,  Maddie ,  "  he has the sense to quote Shakespeare .  
 And a successful trip blighted only by boring banquets and ballets isn ' t the stuff of a dramatic opera .      " Nixon in China "  unfolds like a sappy picture book ,  once we stop being mildly amazed seeing familiar-looking politicos turning into tenors and delivering such  lines  as:  " Your flight was smooth ,  I hope ?  "  (Chou En-lai)  " Oh ,  yes ,  smooooooother than most "  (Nixon) .  
 Proponents of this view were abetted by NHL administrations ,  including the current one ,  that held that fighting is  " part of the game .  "     If you had a dollar for every time a league or team official mouthed that silly  line  ,  you could restore all of the money lost in the recent stock-market decline .  
 There was no money in poetry ,  however .     Milton ,  for example ,  earned about a farthing a  line  from  " Paradise Lost .  "  
 In brief ,  the story about Marc Connelly is one of those transfers of jokes that always occur when a joke is good .     The man really responsible for the  line  attributed to Connelly was ,  in fact ,  Nicholas Longworth when he was speaker of the House .     Furthermore ,  his position gave the line its real point -- the point being that the speakership in Longworth ' s day was not the dingy partisan and money-raising post that it has now become .  
 He trusts his cops ,  and he likes them tough .     Another of his famous  lines :  "  .   .   .  the way to treat criminals is  "  ' spacco il capo .  '  "  
  " People tuned in and saw the old Rizzo ,  "  says Mr .  Oxman ,  the political consultant .         His most notable  line  that night ?  
 If Al Gore is sincere in distinguishing his views from that of the other candidates ,  he will have to lay out his case for a stronger defense in much sharper and more convincing detail .     Otherwise ,  voters will be justified in borrowing a  line  from a previous candidate and demanding to know of Al Gore ,   " Where ' s the beef ?  "  
 If Siegfried Jerusalem was an unusually agile Loge (Wotan ' s chief counsel) ,  the chief god himself was unusually inert .     James Morris delivered his  lines  with a penetrating baritonal glint ,  but he has not yet finished growing into this significant role ,  and his oddly tatty costume did not help him look important .  
 The allegations against Mr .  Zaccaro hadn ' t yet been made when his wife ,  herself a former Queens prosecutor ,  was making her vice presidential bid .     Mr .  Zaccaro ' s attorney ,  Robert G .  Morvillo ,  borrowed her former running mate ' s  line   " Where ' s the beef ?  "  -- itself borrowed from a Wendy ' s hamburger ad -- in criticizing the state ' s case .  
 There is a Dadaist nonsense letter entitled  " The ,  "  in which that word has been replaced by an asterisk .     Thus ,  the epistle ' s opening  line  reads:  " If you come into linen ,  your time is thirsty because ink saw some wood intelligent enough to get business from a sister .  "  
 Real lawyers do not enjoy pseudo-courtroom thrillers like  " Jagged Edge .  "     They endure such drivel by finding fault with every  line  of courtroom dialogue ,  objecting through their popcorn .  
 You ' ve got to make your character LIVE . )        Then executive producer Toby Hubner gives me a real role with three  lines  of dialogue ,  to be shot a few nights hence .      " Wow ,  three lines ?  "  says the sarcastic sound man ,  Antonio Arroyo .  
 Rosalie is played by Carissa Channing ,  23 ,  a bleached-blond breathtaker .  (Orville is played by John MacKay ,  age 39 . )    As I study my  lines  ,  Ms .  Channing worries that the tight white dress she wears in the scene is too sheer .  
 I say no ,  but this convinces her I am .         The camera is rolling into place ,  and my three  lines  vanish from memory .  
 Take two .     Adrenalin pumps ,  and I dare to ad lib ,  changing the  line  from  " I don ' t think so ,  Madame ,  "  to  " Nah ,  don ' t think so ,  lady ,  ALL RIGHT ?  "  
 Ms .  Browne is quite effective ,  and doubly so to those who remember her as she appeared 10 years ago in  " The Turning Point ,  "  when she was the naive newcomer who won Mr .  Baryshnikov ' s heart .         You can see that Tony is a playboy ,  with his leather jackets and his red sports cars and the kind of come-on  lines  only teen-agers and internationally celebrated dancers would dare try even on gullible junior ballerinas .  
 In this ,  his first play ,  he takes the role of the obnoxious ,  abusive host of a radio call-in show ,  and lets other actors play the obliging colleagues at the station and the lonely ,  sometimes demented listeners who call in .         This looks like a real play ,  with David Jenkins ' s equipment-filled radio studio; with actors ,  under the direction of Frederick Zollo ,  walking on and off delivering  lines ; and with a possibly dangerous ,  certainly deranged fan bursting into the studio for a face-to-face confrontation .  
 Joe Biden was an early exponent of the character issue ,  using it as a tool to undermine Ed Meese ' s nomination to attorney general (Mr .  Meese ' s past acts ,  he intoned ,  were  " beneath contempt " ) .     But character came back to destroy Mr .  Biden as a plagiarist ,  who even as he was withdrawing from the race claimed as his own Robert Kennedy ' s  " bend history "   line  ,  a borrowing Mr .  Biden had admitted days earlier .  
 But as part of PBS ' s wonderful  " American Masters "  series ,   " The Ten-Year Lunch "  is least successful at what other shows in the series (notably the season opener on Isaac Bashevis Singer) have done so well -- profiling their subjects .         We are introduced to a cast of characters ,  we hear a few of their famous  lines  ,  but we get only the vaguest sense of them as people .  
 There ' s something decadent about the Algonquin Round Table -- so much partying ,  so many arch word games ,  such desperately cynical style consciousness .         After all those funny  lines  ,  why should you end up feeling sad ?  
 If your muse isn ' t up to it ,  no matter .     The bard of Les-Loges-en-Josas ,  France ,  Stephen Powelson ,  stands ready ,  able and more than merely willing to pour the first 14 , 300  lines  into your ear ,  from memory -- and in classical Greek .     Soon ,  he hopes ,  he will have committed the final 1 , 393 lines to memory .  
 He has returned to the U . S .  at least 40 times in the past 10 years to do the  " Iliad "  thing ,  usually for not more than an hour or two ,  at schools and colleges .     At these exhibitions of mnemonic prowess ,  a resident classicist randomly picks a  line  from the epic ,  and Mr .  Powelson takes it from there .  
 At the age of 10 ,  he says ,  he memorized in one week an entire year ' s homework in Sunday-school Bible studies .     In prep school ,  he memorized the first 100  lines  of the  " Iliad ,  "  took three Greek courses in his senior year and won a national prize for his Greek .  
 He has performed at the Universities of Arkansas ,  Colorado and Massachusetts and at Tulane University ,  among other places .         His wife of 47 years ,  Esther ,  says that Mr .  Powelson is constantly mastering new  lines  .  
 Although its amalgam of recipes ,  crafts ,  fashion ,  advice and homemaking tips will sound familiar --  " Free In This Issue !     Complete chicken cookbook and 8 recipe cards to save ,  "  reads a cover  line  from the prototype -- First promises a cleaner ,  more readable package with less ad clutter .  
 Time and again he had rehearsed an answer referring to the victims in his family and asserting to Mr .  Bush ,   " I don ' t need any lectures from you about crime .  "         He didn ' t deliver the  line  or even refer to his father or brother .  
 I am that man .  "     He never used the  lines  ,  although -- like the planned answer to the question about crime -- he used them in subsequent speeches .  
 That ' s not to imply that he doesn ' t do well with Lucky ' s long ,  chaotic meditation on meditation .     But even before he utters a single  line  of dialogue ,  Mr .  Irwin astonishes with his eloquence .  
 Before you even arrive at a party ,  of course ,  you must -- according to Ms .  RoAne --  " practice your handshake .  "     Then deliver your opening  line  ,  which you have practiced beforehand as well .  
 They were well-supplied with blue-and-white Bush-Quayle signs ,  red-white-and-blue pompons and miniature American flags .     High school cheerleaders leaped at many applause  lines  .  
 And without a budget deal ,  business leaders ,  economists and even some of Mr .  Bush ' s own economic advisers agree with Mr .  Greenspan that financial instability could quickly follow .     Wall Street and foreign markets discounted the vice president ' s tough anti-tax rhetoric during the campaign ,  assuming he would drop his  " Read my lips; no new taxes "   line  after the election .  
 A Pentagon spokesman says ,   " We have no specific solutions for DOE .  "     The  line  at the NSC is ,   " DOE has the lead on that right now .  "  
 Horses are run to win purses and bets ,  not break records .     The race track ,  where the talk is saltier than the french fries ,  has a stock  line  for everything ,  and  " time is only important in prison ,  "  covers that .  
 The consumer products giant sought to become a much bigger force in the cookie business ,  developing a Duncan Hines soft cookie meant to challenge Nabisco ' s dominance in the market .     Nabisco responded ferociously ,  with its own  " Almost Home "   line  ,  and Duncan Hines '  market share ended up being miniscule .  
 He has been twitting his opponent for not knowing a dairy goat from a mountain goat .     His favorite  line :  " I ' d like to see Leo try to milk that sucker .  "  
 This  line  has been moving sharply upward as more people crowd it from below .     To steal a line from Alan Reynolds of Polyconomics ,  so many people have been getting rich there isn ' t room for them all in the top fifth .  
 Here as elsewhere ,  Mr .  Bush ' s attacks on Gov .  Dukakis over such issues as crime and defense have hurt the Democrat ,  but the poll shows that the economy is one area where voters were more likely to react favorably to the governor as they learn more about his positions .         Perhaps for that reason ,  Mr .  Bush this week has been seeking to appropriate Mr .  Dukakis ' s own applause  line  ,  telling supporters in Wisconsin and Michigan that  " George Bush is on your side .  "  
 In this era of media-bashing ,  Mr .  Sohmer was shrewd to make his investigator-hero an FBI agent (Robert Loggia) rather than ,  say ,  a Washington Post reporter .     As for TV news ,  it gets bashed in the person of a brunette-bombshell producer (Stepfanie Kramer) who curls her ruby lips around  lines  like:  " Get me a closeup of those stiffs !  "  
 It is Ms .  Diggs ' s contention ,  though ,  that Florence was no plaster saint ,  and in her skillful dramatization the playwright illuminates the many sides of this complex ,  driven woman .     Ms .  Diggs makes her point of view clear in the opening  lines  of the play ,  when someone comes on stage reciting Henry Wadsworth Longfellow ' s laudatory poem about the  " Lady With the Lamp ,  "  and another character calls the poem  " sentimental drivel .  "  
 Washington ,  Mo . : Another high school filled with teen-agers yelling as he steps out on a stage draped with so many flags I thought he might wear one .     While he clears his throat to launch into his drugs ,  death and defense speech ,  reporters ,  a beat ahead ,  whisper his familiar opening  line :  " With all this excitement ,  I can feel what it ' ll be like on election night .  "  
 Augusta ,  Ga . : Thomp .     Two motorcycles ,  nine cars and vans ,  and two buses are rolling resolutely to the next stop ,  the Regency Shopping Mall next door to a muffler shop -- and ,  please ,  we already thought of the  " Midasize him !  "   line  .  
 It was just weird ,  in the sense of popular culture finding a bizarre way to express its racial ambivalence .         One of the last minstrels was Al Jolson ,  described by his biographer ,  Pearl Sieben ,  as a man who  " needed applause the way a diabetic needs insulin "  -- a  line  that might also describe Michael Jackson .  
 Stump appearances are chosen to highlight the message visually and to look good on the night ' s network television-news shows .     Snappy  lines  are inserted in the speeches ,  some of them tested in advance ,  that are almost guaranteed to become  " sound bites .  "  
 Soon ,  right on schedule ,  the Bush message will switch to taxes .     The positive  line  will be that Mr .  Bush won ' t raise taxes; the negative one will be that taxes have gone up faster under Mr .  Dukakis in Massachusetts than they have in the nation generally .  
 Even with all this going for it ,  however ,   " Reckless "  doesn ' t measure up to Mr .  Lucas ' s previous play ,  the excellent  " Blue Window .  "     The playwright still shows a deft hand with dialogue -- I especially like the way his off-speed  lines  make you laugh first and wonder why later .  (For example ,  when Lloyd asks Rachel if she sees her parents ,  she answers ,   " Not since they died .  "  
 The confusion is symbolized by the differences between two former Kennedy speech writers now working for Mr .  Dukakis .     Theodore Sorensen ,  the architect of  " Ask not  .   .   .  "  and other soaring John Kennedy  lines  ,  recalls an earlier liberalism of civic obligation and popular community goals .  
 The young Michael Dukakis was inspired by the party of Jack ,  but built his career in the party of Teddy .     And this year he has borrowed some of Mr .  Sorensen ' s  lines  ,  but more of Mr .  Shrum ' s message .  
 The chain quibbles with the way the ad is promoted on the cover ,  which says  " Free Condom Inside "  in prominent type .      " Spin ' s intentions may be honorable ,  "  a Waldenbooks official says ,   " but the way the cover  line  is presented ,  it appears as though they ' re using the feature of the free condom to sell the magazine .  "  
 And effective last July ,  the state started putting all license-plate proceeds directly into its treasury -- instead of allowing the ruling party to skim them first .         The 52-year-old Mr .  Mutz ,  borrowing a  line  from Ronald Reagan ,  argues that Republicans  " are the change .  "  
  " We ' re just not getting our return on investment ,  "  Mr .  Bayh argues .          Lines  like that please the Republicans who show up ,  sometimes rather furtively ,  at Bayh fund-raisers .  (One GOP attorney in Fort Wayne blanches visibly when a reporter asks him his name .  
 You knew one thing: Good pitching ,  which the Dodgers had ,  beats good hitting ,  which was the A ' s previous long suit .     That  line  ought to go over the entrance at Cooperstown .  
 A Chemical spokesman said ,   " This transaction is consistent with Chemical ' s anti-apartheid South African policy in every way .  "     He noted a  line  in the bank ' s policy statement:  " We have a policy against making loans to private non-banking corporations for their operations in South Africa .  "  
 Justices Liacos and Abrams have also objected to the  " good faith "  exception to the U . S .  Supreme Court ' s  " exclusionary rule .  "     In one murder case ,  for example ,  they excluded from trial evidence from a search conducted by police in good-faith reliance on a warrant issued by a magistrate who ,  it was later noticed ,  had not struck through certain  lines  on the printed warrant form .  
 I became rather fond of M ,  a casually self-deprecating fellow played by Patrick O ' Connell .     He keeps humor and horror nicely in balance for 90 minutes and lets the terror palpitate through his  lines  .  
   The big institutional investors aren ' t buying Wall Street ' s  line  about now being a great time to jump back into the stock market with both feet .  
 As bedtime approaches ,  the Xus sit together on a worn sofa and entertain their visitor by singing their favorite music ,  a Chinese opera called  " Marriage of a Goddess .  "     Mr .  Xu stumbles occasionally reading his  lines  and has to ask his wife for help .  
 For high British ,  it ' s always ,   " Oh ,  no "  -- or  " oew noew .  "     Sometimes ,  it ' s a  line  from the script .  
 Neatly printed on the wall was:  " I ain ' t never gonna love nobody but Cornell Crawford .  "     The  line  stuck with her --  " so funny and dear ,  and who ' s Cornell anyway ?  "  
   All of punditry is treating Lloyd Bentsen ' s crack that Dan Quayle is  " no Jack Kennedy "  as the best  line  of the campaign ,  but for the wrong reasons .  
 (At least the aides appreciate the absurdity .     The prize for best  line  of the night goes to Bush pollster Robert Teeter .  
   Bentsen and Quayle polished their  lines  for tonight ' s 90-minute vice presidential debate in Omaha ,  Neb .  
  " I don ' t believe it ,  "  said Judith Penniman ,  the ABC producer ,   " we got a reader !  "     Translation: ABC anchor Peter Jennings read the Bentsen  line  himself ,  with no accompanying pictures from his troops in the field .  
 It closed Friday at 4 ,  down 5/8 .         The Regina lesson may be that glowing stories about companies should be read more for the one or two  lines  of caution than for the positive comments .  
 Then the women make their first major mistake .     Instead of leading their quarry  line  by line through the rows of questions on the registration form ,  they depart .  
 DUKAKIS STRATEGISTS believe that their man won the first debate but that they were outgunned in the  " spin patrol "  claims afterward .     They say their mistake was in reacting to the debate itself while the Bush crew stuck to a prearranged  line  ,  and they vow to emulate the GOP tactic in next month ' s final encounter .  
 All of these productions were excellent -- funny ,  well-acted ,  with good stories .     Yet ,   line  after line of the dialogue was loaded with gratuitous and explicit profanity .  
 The bank took out an ad in the Times of London last week ,  which ran opposite excerpts from Mrs .  Eliot ' s edition of the letters .     The ad reprinted a  line  from a letter written in 1917:  " I am getting along nicely in my work at the bank and I like it .  "  
 Silence .  "         And then the president remembered a  line  he had used years before ,  something about how he wouldn ' t make age an issue in the campaign ,  he wouldn ' t exploit his opponent ' s youth and inexperience .  
 Perfect ,  Mr .  Ailes told him ,  and the president suddenly seemed to grow in self-confidence .     Mr .  Reagan used the  line  ,  and it was a zinger .  
 The rhetoricians in the socialist camp have gotten so full of themselves lately that some had come to doubt this point .     In a much-quoted  line  she said it would be folly to try to fit the European countries  " into some sort of Identikit personality .  "  
  " We did consumer research before we made a pricing decision on  ' Good Morning ,  Vietnam '  and were a bit surprised to find such a high desire for ownership ,  "  says Carole Black ,  a Disney video executive .      " Some people were big Robin Williams fans; others didn ' t get all the funny  lines  the first time and wanted to view it over and over again .  
 Mr .  Scala and his boss ,  Mr .  Hohorst ,  who is 33 years old ,  both say they are too busy to read lengthy economic news stories and analyses .     They rely mainly on the frantic financial wire services ,  and often they read only the headlines -- a single  line  of shorthand that appears on the very bottom of their computer screens ,  in whatever space isn ' t taken up by a long list of currency price quotes .  
 He knew ,  we knew ,  that the Ayatollah would not live forever ,  and that Iran is one of the most important countries in the Middle East .     We knew opening some  lines  to Iran was in the national interest; now that the war is winding down nearly everyone agrees .  
 As a young man he had turned out comic stories for cheap magazines and newspapers at the rate of one a day; this work got him through medical school and kept his impoverished family -- his parents ,  a sister ,  four brothers -- alive in their cramped Moscow apartment .     At the end of his life ,  the celebrated playwright and author of 588 stories could barely write four  lines  before collapsing in fatigue and pain .  
 Mr .  Irons turns in a pair of bravura performances as the twins ,  but neither of them redeem this somber piece of work .     Poor Genevieve Bujold ,  the drug-snorting ,  authentically Canadian actress who comes between them ,  is required to say  lines  like this ,  with a straight face:  " I ' ve been bad ,  I need to be punished .  "  
 But as sure-footed as this production ' s dramatic scenes are ,  its choral passages are lame .     Which is not to say that the 12 elders in the chorus can ' t project their  lines  .  
 Antigone is played as a feminist ,  inveighing against  " the laws of the male sex .  "     Every  line  about Creon ' s cruelty is rendered in the language of the police state ,  every reference to Antigone ' s sex cloaked in feminist rhetoric .  
 We didn ' t give John-John the award for all time ,  but just for 1988 .     Take a look at the cover  line  again ,  and take comfort from it .  
  " The children come to school in plastic .  "     One of their favorite songs has the  line :  " It rains and rains/Until the stones will break .  "  
 Thus ,  when Mr .  Dukakis went to Annapolis Wednesday for a statehouse-steps rally to taunt Mr .  Bush for backing out of the presidential debate that was to have been held there ,  access was controlled by issuing tickets through Democratic leaders for the best viewing area ,  which was roped off .         The Bush campaign ,  meanwhile ,  has taken to distributing cases of air horns to supporters that can be sounded whenever the vice president delivers an applause  line  so there will be a din of enthusiastic cheering on television -- and also can be used to drown out the chants of any Dukakis supporters who might materialize .  
 Mr .  Bush does sometimes address substantive issues ,  as he does today in a well-received speech to San Francisco ' s conservative Commonwealth Club attacking Mr .  Dukakis '  record in managing the Massachusetts economy .     But the speech ,  one of the most effective of Mr .  Bush ' s campaign ,  illustrates its careful style: The vice president reads it from a Teleprompter ,  sticking carefully to his prepared text and thus not risking any distracting ad libs like his Pearl Harbor Day gaffe of last week ,  or fumbling any of the  lines  designed for television consumption .  
 Marilyn Quayle ,  defending her husband ' s mediocre academic record ,  told an interviewer last weekend that FDR  " failed the bar exam seven times .  "     Yesterday ,  Sen .  Quayle picked up the same  line  ,  saying that Roosevelt flunked  " a number of times .  "  
 But then again that may be difficult .     It used to take a minute on television and one or two  lines  in the newspapers to give a weather report .  
 The New York Shakespeare Festival ' s summer production of  " King John "  has given many theatergoers -- myself included -- the chance to be virgins again .     It ' s not often we get to see a Shakespeare play whose plot ,  characters ,  famous  lines  and legendary interpreters aren ' t rattling around our brains before the curtain goes up .  
 It doesn ' t seem to matter if you ' d been the economic adviser to a president under whom the economy failed ,  or are affiliated with a consulting firm that can ' t come close to an accurate economic forecast .     With a snappy  line  about how Mr .  Bush would need to reinstitute child labor ,  annex other countries or tolerate 20% inflation ,  you could get your lick in .  
 In my best imitation of Ethel Merman ,  I sang a few choruses about being tired ,  and then drifted into a noisy sleep on Ms .  Raiken ' s shoulder .     She elbowed me and I awoke with a start ,  belting out a few more off-key  lines  about fatigue and life .  
 When he said he had left behind  " things you can ' t put in a suitcase ,  "  the audience members wept unabashedly .     They cheered Yoli ' s  line  about the Yanquis and roared at the jokes about  " weepy Argentines " ; they turned this astute but modest play into an occasion for a communal catharsis -- which is exactly what Aristotle said theater was invented to be .  
 Officials here vigorously dismiss any parallels between the reforms they opposed with force in Czechoslovakia and the Soviet changes now being pushed by Mr .  Gorbachev .         Despite glasnost ,  the new official openness about controversial topics ,  there were few articles in the media about Sunday ' s anniversary ,  and the ones that were published repeated the old official  line  about  " rendering internationalist assistance "  to a grateful Czechoslovak people .  
 But the convention isn ' t seen boosting Senate prospects; Republicans have no sure pickups to offset likely losses in Virginia and Nevada ,  and say they will do well to maintain the 54-46 Democratic edge .         Candidates will adopt Reagan ' s  " We are the change "   line  to address voters '  desire in the polls for a new direction .  
 Ms .  Richards had them rolling in the aisles with her lacerating jibes at George Bush ' s silver foot in the mouth ,  etc .     Not to mention the best and the brightest of them -- the Ginger Rogers  line  -- which brought down the house .  
 She just did it backwards and in high heels .  '  "         One woman in particular won ' t forget that  line : the woman from whom Ms .  Richards lifted it -- TV journalist and author Linda Ellerbee .  (It ' s part of her lecture repertoire . ) 
 Ms .  Ellerbee also reports that she spun around and warned the woman she was going to steal that .         This is ,  needless to say ,  not exactly the same as appropriating a  line  and then delivering it in tones brimful of the pride of authorship -- in a keynote address .     Ms .  Ellerbee learned in advance that Ms .  Richards was planning to use the line ,  whereupon she inquired as to whether Ms .  Richards was planning to cite the source .  
 After all ,  if Ann Richards and Co .  had been old-fashioned enough to say ,   " As Linda Ellerbee tells us "  or even  " as I heard in a lecture somewhere ,  "  why then the New York Times columnist and a great many other citizens probably wouldn ' t have gone around talking about the formidable wit and wisdom of Ann Richards .         In the days following the speech there was a certain amount of to-do about another  line  -- the famous silver-foot-in-the-mouth comment ,  which a Washington writer claimed came from his book .  
 Nor is Ms .  Richards alone .     Recall that Walter Mondale and speech writers ,  without batting an eye ,  filched and offered as Mr .  Mondale ' s own a  line  from a speech given by Lane Kirkland only a day earlier: i . e .  ,   " Where ' s the beef ?  "  (Flashing epigrams have changed some since Stevenson ' s time ,  you ' ll note . ) 
 Recall that Walter Mondale and speech writers ,  without batting an eye ,  filched and offered as Mr .  Mondale ' s own a  line  from a speech given by Lane Kirkland only a day earlier: i . e .  ,   " Where ' s the beef ?  "  (Flashing epigrams have changed some since Stevenson ' s time ,  you ' ll note . )        Among Republicans ,  Barry Goldwater has the best reason to know the price you can pay for appropriating lines .     Presidential contender Goldwater would have been a lot better off in 1964 if he had only seen fit to credit the real author of what turned out to be the most self-destructive lines ever uttered in a campaign speech:  " I would remind you  .   .   .  extremism in the defense of liberty is no vice .  "  
 Presidential contender Goldwater would have been a lot better off in 1964 if he had only seen fit to credit the real author of what turned out to be the most self-destructive  lines  ever uttered in a campaign speech:  " I would remind you  .   .   .  extremism in the defense of liberty is no vice .  "         The real author ,  whose line Sen .  Goldwater changed slightly ,  was Cicero .     Had the senator not neglected to mention this fact ,  the line ,  needless to say ,  would have been treated with the respect usually accorded the wisdom of the ancients rather than as the extremist frothings of the candidate of the lunatic right .  
 But my fellow Americans ,  this is not a crime-does-not-pay story .     Being caught out lifting  lines  doesn ' t mean there ' s no profit in it .  
 After all ,  despite a few rumblings here and there ,  the millions who heard Ann Richards continue to credit her as the wit who said that about Ginger and Fred .     Ms .  Richards seems to know it ,  too ,  for on a Sunday talk show a few days after the convention ,  she did allow as how she had taken a  line  -- the silver-foot-in-the-mouth one -- from Lily Tomlin ' s co-author in  " Signs of Intelligent Life in the Universe .  "  (She made no mention of Ginger and Fred) .  
 All the same ,  the vice president continued ,  Mr .  Dukakis represents  " the failed liberal ideology of the past .  "          " Some say this isn ' t an election about ideology ,  "  Mr .  Bush said in his address to the convention ,  mocking a  line  from the Dukakis acceptance speech .  
  " It ' s nothing new ,  "  says Peter Teeley ,  an old associate and former press secretary to the vice president .     He recalls ,  with tender sentiment ,  a Bush  line  from the 1980 campaign .  
 Some of these names are dropped for a reason ,  but most are there primarily to show off Mr .  Wilson ' s own literary breadth .     The technique reaches a level of distracting absurdity when ,  to elucidate Tolstoy ' s increasing contempt for his wife ,  Mr .  Wilson quotes three  lines  of a poem by Philip Larkin ,  an English librarian born 12 years after Tolstoy died and who could not be more remote from Yasnaya Polyana in sensibility than a Martian .  
 In a warmly received speech that seemingly sought to distance him from Reagan administration civil-rights policies ,  Mr .  Bush outlined what he called a  " positive civil-rights agenda ,  "  and promised to have  " minority men and women of excellence as full-scale partners "  during his presidency .     One winning  line  from that speech:  " Whenever racism rears its ugly head -- Howard Beach ,  Forsyth County ,  wherever -- we must be there to cut it off .  "  
 Every bell and whistle in the orchestral bag of tricks is heard .     Sometimes ,  the large cast ,  13 or so depending on how you count the extras and the offstage alto voice ,  sing all at once but with different  lines  .  
 Meanwhile ,  Sen .  Domenici ,  a longtime backer of deficit-reduction measures ,  works himself into a  " no tax increase "  posture to help his own cause .         GOP strategist Eddie Mahe suggests Bush errs by delaying his choice until the last minute: The convention is a stage show ,  and  " you ought to figure out who the stars are so you can write their  lines  .  "  
 Indeed ,  his strategy seems to be not to say very much at all about foreign policy .     His  " well-received "  Atlantic Council speech in June was little more than a routine defense of NATO ,  while his acceptance speech in Atlanta devoted all of seven sentences to U . S .  security .  (His boldest  line  -- that drugs are more of a threat than the Sandinistas -- was a rewrite of Jesse Jackson . ) 
 It ' s a bizarre idea:  " Leave It to Beaver "  with a new cast (say Tom Selleck and Suzanne Somers as Ward and June ,  and Emmanuel Lewis as the Beaver) .     Think of  " Gilligan ' s Island "  as America ' s  " Macbeth ,  "  a show you ' d want to see again and again ,  with different thespians giving their own personal interpretations of immortal  lines  like  " Gee ,  Skipper .  "  
 A magazine ad for Lee has a grainy appearance and shows a nighttime scene in which a blonde in tight-fitting jeans leans against a 1950s-vintage covertible .     The copy  line :  " Places to go .  
  " We believe the yield on the long-term Treasury bond could fall below 7% in late 1989 and perhaps decline significantly in later years ,  "  says Martin J .  Mauro ,  manager of research .         But to many analysts ,  the Yardeni outlook ends with the last  line  of a nursery rhyme --  " and the dish ran away with the spoon .  "  
 If he ' s looking for other ideas ,  there are Republicans who might have some .     Sen .  Ted Kennedy of all people actually stole a GOP  line  ,  in Atlanta ,  when he said Democrats  " are committed to the ideal that all of us can advance together -- and none shall be left behind .  "     The man who has said that for years ,  who calls it his  " Good Shepherd line ,  "  is Jack Kemp .  
  " It makes us sound inferior ,  "  Mr .  MacKenzie says ,   " and yet Diet Coke has been reformulated at least as many times as Diet Pepsi .  "         Coke says NBC has asked it to delete the controversial reformulation  line  from any future taste-test ads and that it will comply with that request .  
 Over a plate of red ,  white and green pasta -- the colors of the Italian flag -- he explains how mass-market retailing fits in with these schemes .     Advertisers on his three national television networks could add  lines  like  " available at the Standa ,  "  to their sales pitches ,  he says ,  sharing the ad costs with the department store .  
 But Congressman Richard Gephardt of Missouri ,  a rival for the Democratic nomination ,  once charged that the Massachusetts governor ' s foreign policy experience was limited  " to negotiating with New Hampshire Gov .  Sununu over a nuclear power plant .  "     In an otherwise strong performance ,  Mike Dukakis did little last week to prevent George Bush from stealing that  line  during this campaign .  
 The gimmick ?     He has no voice ,  so he won ' t have to speak any dumb  lines  .  
 The intention is to blur ideology ,  contrasting the Massachusetts governor ' s ethnic past and his record as an executive with Mr .  Bush ' s elite upbringing and his recent service in the shadow of President Reagan .     Each  line  the Dukakis campaign etches into its portrait of the candidate is supposed to produce a contrast with Mr .  Bush .  
 Ads for Pro Penns emphasize they ' re more durable than regular Penns .     For instance ,  beneath a print ad featuring a shot of a doghouse is the  line :  " Pro Penns go to the dogs 30% slower .  "  
  " It is time for America  .   .   .  to reassert progressive values and reinvest in its people ,  "  it says ,  but only  " within a strong commitment to fiscal responsibility .  "     The Democrats do take a rhetorical bow to the Rev .  Jackson ' s stump-speech  line  about  " economic violence against poor and working people ,  "  but they reject his proposals to raise taxes on  " the very richest Americans "  or to freeze defense spending .  
 Who would have guessed women and wit were part of the Democratic Party of 1988 .      " George Bush was born with a silver foot in his mouth "  is the only memorable  line  to come out of this convention so far .  
 Its share of the bar-soap market slid to about 11% from 17% .     It has rebounded a bit to 13 . 5% ,  however ,  since the company returned to the  " Aren ' t you glad you use Dial ?  "   line  a few years ago .  
 It has rebounded a bit to 13 . 5% ,  however ,  since the company returned to the  " Aren ' t you glad you use Dial ?  "   line  a few years ago .         Sara Lee Corp .  walked away from the line  " Nobody doesn ' t like Sara Lee "  and experimented with other jingles that never quite caught on with consumers .  
   Anybody who knows anything about political conventions knows that the affair cannot truly move forward until a single ,  wry  line  from David Brinkley defines it ,  as he has since the beginning of time (meaning ,  of course ,  since the beginning of television) .  
 It also claimed to have scored a market share victory in the intensifying orange juice wars .         Tropicana ,  a unit of Seagram Co .  ,  brought suit against Atlanta-based Coca-Cola over a  line  used in advertising for Coca-Cola ' s new Minute Maid Premium Choice orange juice that described the pasteurized product as  " orange juice straight from the orange .  "  
 Some say 70% .     As the reader ponders these  lines  ,  at least three out of 10 boat people just setting out to sea will most probably not make landfall .  
 Divided up among various members of the cast in what seems a deliberately random fashion ,  it is used to suggest meanings without ever stating them .     Much of it is spoken by a pair of narrators (Sheryl Sutton and Phillippe Chemin) ,  who ,  from a place at the side of the stage ,  intone their  lines  in voices that ,  at once expressionless and intimate ,  have less to do with explanation than with ritual .  
 Tropicana Products Inc .  fired another volley in the orange juice wars ,  accusing Coca-Cola Co .  ' s Foods division of false and deceptive advertising in a lawsuit filed in U . S .  District Court in New York .         At issue is a  line  used in advertising for Coca-Cola ' s new Minute Maid Premium Choice orange juice that describes the pasteurized product as  " orange juice straight from the orange .  "     Bradenton ,  Fla . -based Tropicana ,  a unit of Seagram Co .  ,  claims the line violates an earlier appeals court ruling in favor of Atlanta-based Coca-Cola against Tropicana .  
 Ms .  Keeton says her marketing department designed the ad ,  but she was the one who made the decision to sustain the suspense throughout the ad .     Originally ,  she says ,  the first  line  of the ad was ,   " Of course she ' s not really 70 .  "  
 But she thought ,   " Why waste it ?     So I got rid of the  line  .  "  
 The  " three weeks of stagnation ,  "  as the period between the two articles is now known in the Soviet Union ,  showed perestroika for what it truly is: a party  line  -- no less but no more either .     A better line ,  to be sure ,  a line one can support with greater sincerity than most other lines -- but a line nevertheless .  
 The three weeks of stagnation indicate how far Mr .  Gorbachev may have to go in eradicating the curse of Soviet and Russian reformers .     That curse is best expressed by Pushkin ' s immortal closing  line  of  " Boris Godunov " :  " The people are silent .  "  
 The texts are often shortened to make the books cheaper to produce ,  leaving a skeleton of the original story .     Mr .  Lang notes that there are at least 10 heavily illustrated editions of the Snow White story in which the whole tale is told in 12 pages ,  with only a few  lines  on each .  
   Newspaper editors only seem cavalier when they dump your favorite comic strip -- the one you ' ve been following faithfully for 23 years -- and substitute some dumb cartoon with stupid gag  lines  and chicken-scratch drawings .  
 It is the world ' s leading corporate raider talking ,  addressing the crowd on finance .     One almost expects ,  at some point ,  to hear that unnerving  line  ,  Greed is good .  
 Fighting back ,  Texaco managers have adopted a slogan:  " We ' ve got the energy .  "     It sounds more like a  line  ,  some say ,  that a TV network would use to tout its fall lineup .  
 Others think the Texaco boast is a rather bold claim for a company that ' s running out of oil .         In any case ,  Mr .  Icahn has his own  line  for Texaco:  " Catch a Falling Star .  "  
 According to a new study by Michael Cunningham ,  a University of Louisville psychologist ,  the magic formula is a simple  " Hi ,  "  followed by something equally innocuous ,  such as  " What do you think of the band ?  "     Although few men realize it ,  calculatedly clever come-ons turn most women off ,  Prof .  Cunningham says .  (He notes that when it comes to women pursuing men ,  however ,  just about any opening  line  will do-except ,  perhaps ,   " You remind me of someone I used to date .  " ) 
 To gather this wisdom ,  Prof .  Cunningham first sent operatives out into the field to test a variety of conversation starters on the patrons of Chicago singles bars .     Then ,  in a lab setting ,  he gauged the reaction of 40 men and 47 women to specific  lines  ,  including  " Would you like to listen to my compact disks ?  "     Participants were asked to rate one another according to 13 criteria as they used the lines: Did the speaker seem shrewd or naive ?  
 Would the speaker make a good parent or not ?          " People really do make almost instantaneous judgments of a person ' s personality "  based on opening  lines  ,  maintains Prof .  Cunningham .  
 Leslie Thomas ,  a junior at Pennsylvania State University ,  agrees that a straight approach is generally best .      " I don ' t think  lines  work ,  "  she says .  
 Somewhat tamer than the previous Midler-Disney collaborations ,   " Big Business "  is still peppy enough .     As City Sadie ,  the corporate queen ,  Ms .  Midler gets the most pointed ,  and the funniest ,   lines  ,  which she delivers like the seasoned pro she is .  
Though Della Femina is only a fraction of the size of giants like Young & Rubicam and Ogilvy & Mather ,  Mr .  Della Femina ' s flair has garnered the agency more than its share of headlines .     Mr .  Della Femina became a fixture on TV news reports about acquired immune deficiency syndrome ,  for example ,  after his agency created the  line  ,   " I enjoy sex ,  but I ' m not ready to die for it ,  "  for LifeStyles condoms .  
The Dukakis people are going to need all the help they can get .     Instructive is an Ailes  line  -- a bit of hyperbole ,  no doubt -- that Mr .  Goodman says he will never forget .  
Mark Twain got a laugh when he called rumors of his death  " exaggerated .  "     The  line  wouldn ' t have been nearly so good if he had simply labeled them untrue .  
Shakespeare ' s famous  line  about killing the lawyers may have been superseded .  
Take ,  for example ,  the subject of this week ' s discussion -- the hero ' s adventure .     In one elegant  line  ,  Mr .  Campbell links the Celtic knight ,  wandering in the forest ,  to Telemachus ,  setting off to find his father ,  to Moses ,  climbing the mountain .  
Mr .  Sullivan didn ' t return calls seeking comment .     Ms .  Bruck apparently added a  line  stipulating that female Drexel employees ,  as well as other women ,  were present ,  but she didn ' t retreat from her other statements on the subject of call girls .  
Neither the program nor the critic ' s review mentioned the name of the young woman who turned the pages for the piano accompanist .     She ,  too ,  was superb ,  performing a most difficult job; there were several passages where she had to turn the page back for a repeat of several  lines  of music .  
And I can tell you that I ' m an absolute nervous wreck every time she performs .         I have her practice the last two  lines  on each page ,  so I can learn exactly when to turn the page -- just one of the tricks to this trade that I ' ve learned the hard way .  
 There is something to be said for experiencing Shakespeare ' s view of the kings who ruled England between the 1390s and 1485 as a unit ,  watching the same actor grow from the layabout Prince Hal into the heroic Henry V ,  the same actress move from the blushing bride of Henry VI to the embittered hag who curses Richard III .     It ' s interesting to hear the  lines  summarizing events of the past while they are still freshly imprinted on your mind by the play you saw just a few hours before .  
The plays are not so much updated as they are de-dated; and although Mr .  Bogdanov is clearly trying to make this old news seem fresher to contemporary audiences ,  they nonetheless tend to snicker when they first notice the computer terminal or the plastic shopping bag that has cropped up without warning .         The fact is that audiences don ' t need such gimmicky  " relevance "  if they are given clear ,  carefully thought-out  line  readings coinciding with carefully planned stage movement .  
In a follow-up show ,  he points to two addicts and says if they tried to rob his house ,   " I ' d blow their heads off .  "     Both  lines  get wild applause from the audience .  
The SEC said that the DeBartolos have been uncooperative ,  and had heavily redacted documents that the SEC requested .     Among the exhibits attached by the SEC is one full page labeled  " Bilzerian-Hammermill closing "  in which all but three  lines  were deleted by the DeBartolos or their lawyers .  
Most of his Republican colleagues are cowering wimpishly before organized labor ' s TV-ad onslaught .     This bit of demagogy features a  line  about golden parachutes for the bosses and nothing for the workers -- as if there were somewhere a law mandating golden parachutes ,  or prohibiting labor from seeking whatever notification and severance procedures it wants through collective bargaining .  
She ' s best with the minor actors ,  who have the best parts .     Ms .  Brennan gets the funniest  line  .  
Everyone jumped on Larry Speakes for his confession that he put words into the mouth of President Reagan without even bothering to tell him .     One can certainly jump on Mr .  Speakes for his apparent unawareness of the enormity of his transgression ,  at least to judge by the throwaway  lines  in which he described the dirty deed .  
Instead ,  government officials threw up their hands and claimed indirect trade was beyond their control .     The new official  line  is that once Taiwan products leave the island ,  the government has no say over where they go .  
Nice ,  clean American kids will be free of this foreign imposed evil .         The Mexican who writes these  lines  has been accused of being a gringo lover .  
 " I see no reason why this course should not be followed ,  "  Rep .  Ted Weiss commented predictably .     Consumer advocate Sidney Wolfe recited a familiar  line  from memory:  " American families are too important to be left to a Reagan administration that seems to give deference to the drug industry .  "  
Last fall ,  before most of its experienced players ran out of eligibility ,  it won three major competitions in a row ,  losing finally to Texas A&M in November at the Super Bowl of meat judging ,  the International ,  held in IBP Inc .  ' s meat cooler at Dakota City ,  Neb .     That got Illinois some good press in trade publications like Meat Plant Magazine and Drovers Journal ,  but nary a  line  in the Daily Illini ,  the school newspaper .  
The page shows the elegant interior of an expensive car .     There ,  just slightly to the northeast of the leather-covered steering wheel ,  and west southwest of the burled walnut dashboard trim ,  are six  lines  from the second verse of the Marvell poem .  
There ,  just slightly to the northeast of the leather-covered steering wheel ,  and west southwest of the burled walnut dashboard trim ,  are six  lines  from the second verse of the Marvell poem .         We know that these lines are by none other than Andrew Marvell because the name of the poet appears at the end where the author ' s name is customarily found in poetic quotations .  
It is just one interpretation of many .  "         He goes on:  " If ,  in the  lines  from Marvell ' s  ' The Garden ,  '  the car manufacturers had determined that this line is imperfect in their own view of what was necessary ,  then they could argue that indeed they were merely perfecting the poem and that Marvell would see that this was a better version for this particular purpose than the one he had in fact written .  
It ' s certainly not an unprecedented condition .     Many famous texts have been changed in the transmission in order to give more meaning to the original  lines  .  "  
 Aileen Ward ,  Schweitzer professor of the humanities at New York University ,  also was enraged .      " Changing the word  ' innocence '  to  ' comfort '  is a dreadful comment on the trade-off between the real inspiration of Marvell and the debased standards that his  lines  are being twisted to uphold .  "  
But I don ' t really consider it a very grave infringement of morality .  "         All the critics ,  however ,  seem to believe that the  lines   " transmitted "  by Mr .  Macdonald in his advertising campaign are somehow inferior to the version that appears in anthologies .  
Surely ,  for Soviet audiences ,  Jim is even more of an exotic character than Amanda ,  since young men of 24 here tend to be frighteningly cynical about their prospects .     Moreover ,  Jim ' s  line  about power and money being the point of democracy got a huge appreciative laugh here ,  as it is the very stuff of Mikhail Gorbachev ' s  " perestroika .  "  
The exchanges are disjointed ,  quirky ,  vivid ,  filled with Harold Pinter pauses and emotions as genuine as the blacktop .     And  line  by line ,  bit by bit ,  the characters of the cops develop (even if it is in super slow-mo ,  requiring weeks of watching) .  
He even talks like the other policemen: The ANC ,  he says ,  is controlled by communists and manipulated by Moscow ,  which wants to turn South Africa into a Marxist state .         But Peter and his fellow ANC defectors can go beyond that standard rhetoric with a  line  that is much more valuable to the police:  " If I would see my younger relative joining the ANC ,  "  he says ,   " I ' d tell him to go back home ,  that he shouldn ' t go through the same things I did .  "  
And if you don ' t ,  Larry Speakes will .  "         A White House aide (anonymous of course) says the president ad libbed the Speakes  line  .  
Fans of the first season will recall a similar scene in which Cliff instructs Theo on the value of a dollar by handing him a roll of play money and then taking back a few bills every time Theo lists another necessity of his proposed bachelor lifestyle .     To compare these scenes is to conclude that Theo is still brash ,  the  lines  are still clever ,  Mr .  Cosby can still clown his way through worthwhile parental lessons ,  and the show still has a drolly astute tone .  
She was just  " discovered ,  "  delivering her actor boyfriend ' s resume to a talent agent .     Now she is supposed to read two  lines :  " I ' m the new cleaning lady "  and  " I can ' t work here -- this place is a mess .  "  
Now she is supposed to read two  lines :  " I ' m the new cleaning lady "  and  " I can ' t work here -- this place is a mess .  "         Unfortunately ,  Ms .  Schroeder forgets first one line ,  then the other .  
The fabrics have been around for years ,  but have  " slipped into low profile "  and lost ground to Minnesota Mining & Manufacturing Co .  ' s better-known Scotchgard treatment ,  according to Cynthia Gray ,  a Du Pont publicity specialist .     Du Pont believes women today care less about having a spotless sofa -- the old promotion  line  -- and more about carefree living styles ,  she says .  
In early 1987 ,  Mr .  Steinhardt badly lagged the market .     Then ,  he bought the bulls '   line  that overvalued stocks could go higher .  
Oklahoma basketball coach Billy Tubbs likes a good straight  line  as well as he does running up scores on opponents ,  so at a press conference the day before his team played Kansas in the NCAA championship game here Monday night he brightened when he was asked if he thought God might be on Kansas '  side in the showdown to come .  
Listen to the left itself cheer .     In The New Republic last month ,  Barbara Ehrenreich ,  co-chair of the Democratic Socialists of America ,  quoted approvingly a  line  that what the Democrats need is  " a little class warfare .  "  
Speaking from the Chicago offices of Centel ' s lawyers ,  Mr .  Frazee said his company adopted a shareholder rights plan last August that basically gives the company time to consider takeover proposals and also protects against two-tiered offers .         Borrowing a  line  from corporate raiders ,  Mr .  Frazee said:  " Our goal is to increase shareholder value ,  and we believe we have an outstanding record in that regard .  "  
Philip Reiss ,  an attorney for WPP ,  said the memo was found late Tuesday in the files of several of the departed directors .         The document ,  which appears to be a computer printout and isn ' t dated ,  has a  line  at the top stating it is from Ed Yaconetti ,  the former chief operating officer of Lord Geller ,  to the agency ' s management committee .  
Journalist Linda Ellerbee recalls in her book ,   " And So It Goes ,  "  reading news on television about the collision of two jumbo jets on Tenerife in the Canary Islands .     She writes that she ended the report  " with a poignant  line  about 576 people whose vacations had ended in death .  "  
In frustration ,  Mr .  Wanniski says ,  he and a few allies raised $10 , 000 on their own to buy a four-page newspaper spread in Charleston ,  S . C .  ,  before last Saturday ' s primary .     The spread stressed Mr .  Kemp ' s optimistic vision of lower taxes ,  more jobs ,  opportunity for the poor through greater choice ,  and  " moving America forward but leaving no one behind ,  "  Mr .  Kemp ' s  " Good Shepherd "   line  .  
He also has created two attractive ,  articulate characters and he has been most fortunate in having them brought to life by accomplished performers .     As Andrey ,  Robert Prosky ,  a consummate character actor ,  has the lion ' s share of the good  lines  and he delivers them with easy relish .  
When East Germans erected the Berlin Wall in 1961 ,  the Social Democrats '  Willy Brandt ,  then Berlin ' s mayor ,  compared their action with the creation of a Nazi-style concentration camp .     But today many Social Democrats are welcoming Gorbachev socialism with a  line  that sounds ,  to American ears ,  as if it were written from Moscow .  
But uglification is rampant ,  water shortages loom and suburban traffic is gridlocked ,  as a crazy quilt of 42 municipal governments does little to control growth .     In the South ' s smaller boom cities ,  like Nashville and Charlotte ,  the standard  line  is ,   " We don ' t want to be another Atlanta .  "  
In the aftermath of his victories in the South Dakota primary and the Minnesota caucuses ,  Mr .  Dole says the campaign might now be able to put the  " P "  back .      " We have a whole new case of bailing wire ,  "  he explains ,  in the kind of humorous  line  he simply can ' t resist .  
Mr .  Robertson is not the only modern exponent of crackpopulism; Democrats Jesse Jackson and Richard Gephardt have made serious bids for the crackpopulist vote as well .         Mr .  Robertson ' s attempt to erase his past is understandable .  (His latest campaign brochure contains several  lines  of biographical information but doesn ' t mention his career as an evangelist .  
When Sir Geoffrey asked me that ,  I said it was all there in our statement .     But he asked me  " What ' s your best point ?  "  -- he asked me that repeatedly ,  until I got fed up with him ,  and I said this is not fair ,  it ' s not the sort of thing you can answer with one  line  .  
The Gore tactics limited Mr .  Hart ' s opportunity to seize the stage .     Though more forceful than in last week ' s Iowa debate ,  the Colorado Democrat went on the defensive early when NBC newsman and debate moderator John Chancellor characterized his re-entry into the race with the old song  line  ,   " Will you love me in December as you do in May ?  "  
And of course he could always simply start vetoing bills on explicitly procedural grounds ,  rejecting those with non-germane riders even if it means closing the government .         It would be a much less radical act ,  Stephen Glazier observes ,  simply to cross out a  line  of some bill and let the courts decide whether a president already has a line-item veto .  
As for  " Strange Interlude "  being more  " detailed "  than a soap opera ,  I wonder .     The play is famous for having its characters speak their  " thoughts "  along with their  lines  -- a device that succeeds technically in the film ,  due to the skill of the cast and a soundtrack filter that distinguishes between their speaking and  " thinking "  voices .  
In a meeting on how to trim fat from the budget ,  OMB Director Miller downs an entire two-pound bag of M&Ms .   .   .   .     Jokesters suggest this opening  line  for Sen .  Biden next week when he meets Neil Kinnock ,  the British politician whose words he cribbed:  " Stop me if you ' ve heard this one .  "   .   .   .  
The job of vice president ,  he says ,   " is inside work with no heavy lifting .  "         His biggest  line  these days goes this way:  " When Ronald Reagan wants his program passed -- when he wants action on his legislation -- he doesn ' t call George ,  he calls Bob .  "  
Warner also was co-author (with Mark Twain) of a famous book entitled  " The Gilded Age ,  "  a label later affixed to a whole generation .     And he wrote other memorable  lines  for which almost nobody credits him .  
 " It ' s time for the opposition to come out of the streets and into the system ,  "  he was fond of saying .     Now his  line  is ,   " I tried to come into the system ,  but the Roh administration seems to want to push me back into the streets .  "  
The jerky camera ,  the sliding in and out of focus ,  the jiggles and off-center shots that once were considered mistakes now are the basis for a style .     And the scenes aren ' t shot and re-shot: Even flubbed  lines  are kept in .  
It shows a back view of two young women running along a beach and practically falling out of their swimming suits .     The copy  line :  " He loves my mind .  
Those familiar with Mr .  Rudolph ' s work and the actors he frequently uses will be glad to know that Keith Carradine ,  still weary and handsome ,  shows up as Hart .     Genevieve Bujold does an amusing turn as an unscrupulous art dealer who says  lines  like  " You vex me "  as only she can .  
Perhaps the most memorable  line  in modern car advertising isn ' t about big engines or sleek styling ,  but about upholstery .     The line:  " rich Corinthian leather .  "  
 " We thought we ' d get a lot of factory shift workers ,  "  said Robert Wunderle ,  Supermarkets General ' s economist and vice president for public affairs .      " The reality is we found out that the majority of shift workers were white collar "  and included transportation workers ,  medical services personnel ,  journalists and  " just plain citizens that find shopping at 11 or 12 at night is a lot quicker than dealing with crowds and  lines  .  "  
Perhaps Mr .  Brinkley means his story as a sort of allegory on how the world may end in a whimper .     If so ,  the moral lies in a  line  by Tennyson:  " To strive ,  to seek ,  to find ,  and not to yield .  "  
-- It never aired a television advertisement in New Hampshire that might have inoculated Mr .  Dole from an image as a big taxer in a state where opposition to taxes is almost a prerequisite for election .     One reason the ad never appeared: Mr .  Dole flubbed a vital  line  in a taping session .  
Impoundments weren ' t subject to possible override by Congress ,  so they were a far greater presidential power than a  line -item veto .     Presidents didn ' t need to veto budget bills ,  line by line or otherwise ,  so long as they could impound .  
Later ,  he introduces  " Oliver Stone ,  the Academy Award winning writer of  ' Midnight Cowboy '  "  -- who ,  in fact ,  had nothing whatever to do with that movie and who happened to be on his celebrated tour of duty in Vietnam while Waldo Salt wrote the script .         Most surprising of all ,  but altogether typical of the avalanche of errors contained in his work ,  is the plot summary of  " Network ,  "  in which Mr .  Christensen describes anchorman Peter Finch crying out those deathless  lines :  " I ' ve had enough and I ' m not going to take it anymore !  "  
It ' s weird to see a great actress thrust into the middle of a sitcom ,  and you keep rooting for her to rise above it .     From time to time there are little flashes -- a toss of the head ,  a hand on the hip ,  a  line  delivered with vintage Hepburn sarcasm .  
They can only hope that his friends will defend him ,  and that those who might criticize will heed his last request ,  wrenching for his family ,  and urgent for his country .     In his closing  line  ,  Jimmy wrote ,   " Please try to understand .  "  
Mr .  Campbell ,  the head of Pillsbury ' s restaurant businesses ,  is well-known by insiders for an unflattering imitation of Mr .  Stafford sitting stiffly at his desk and making a point by waving his glasses in a predictable pattern .         At a generally hostile meeting with securities analysts last month ,  Ronald Morrow of Smith Barney ,  Harris Upham & Co .  introduced Mr .  Stafford by using the Ricky Ricardo  line  from the  " I Love Lucy "  television series of the 1950s:  " Lucy ,  you got some  ' splaining to do .  "  
Tommy is an arbitrager ,  meaning that he seeks to exploit small differences in the  line  at different books ,  or a favorable shift in the line over time .     Not long ago ,  for example ,  he found that the opening line had West Virginia University favored over St .  Joseph ' s University by 8 1/2 points in basketball .  
But in each segment there ' s too much history and not enough incisive commentary -- especially for a program that ' s trying to be  " definitive .  "     Narration  lines  like  " comedy makes us laugh "  don ' t help the cause much .  
 " They don ' t brag about their kids or make you watch slides of their vacations "  says the headline of one ad ,  which shows two couples partying together .     Another ad features a photo of a father and his adult son and the  line  ,   " You used to hate it when he told you what to do .  
He ' s been grousing about the theater throughout his career .     This began in earnest in 1970 ,  when he spoke his first  line  on a New York stage -- something unprintable about a tulip .  
The suit also says the men circulated sexist literature ,  like  " The Smart Man ' s Creed ,  or Why Beer is Better than Women .  "     One  line :  " After you ' ve had a beer ,  the bottle is still worth a dime .  "  
In 1985 ,  in an  " NBC Nightly News "  report ,  he disclosed that W . R .  (Buster) O ' Brien ,  the unsuccessful Republican candidate for Virginia ' s attorney general ,  hadn ' t played football for three professional teams as Mr .  O ' Brien had contended .     For that portion of the story ,  NBC showed tape of Mr .  O ' Brien at the state prison ,  including standing behind bars ,  with a Bode voice-over saying  " a politician who adds a phony  line  to his resume could wind up with an all-expense-paid visit to a place like this .  "  
The objects of Mr .  Hendra ' s considerable rants (I stopped counting at 163) range from those unlucky enough to have worked with him at National Lampoon ,  or to have done favors for him ,  to those humorists guilty of what he sees as insufficient artistic purity ,  the entire Republican Party ,   " stinking-rich fundamentalist scum ,  "  the sinister institution of television ,  the military ,  the rich ,  assorted journalists and political commentators ,  the middle class and the Roman Catholic Church .         With such a startling array of enemies ,  one might expect author Hendra ,  who during the  ' 60s did stand-up comedy routines on the Ed Sullivan show ,  among other places ,  to get off a few good  lines  .  
A more balanced comparison rises from Sir Isaiah Berlin ' s modern distinction between foxes and hedgehogs (the European equivalent of our porcupines) .         Sir Isaiah based his scheme of classification on a  line  from the Greek poet Archilochus:  " The fox knows many things ,  but the hedgehog knows one big thing .  "  
The pop-up  " Sleeping Beauty "  illustrates another flaw in children ' s books: No one ever proofreads them .      " Several year past and the princess was still asleep ,  "  reads one  line  .  
Yesterday ,  both politicians swapped jokes about their speeches  " that they had been storing up ,  "  said Tony Beeton ,  the Labor Party ' s chief broadcasting officer .     Some in Washington had lightheartedly speculated Mr .  Biden would greet Mr .  Kinnock with this  line :  " Stop me if you ' ve heard this one .  "  
It takes a little getting used to ,  this TV adaptation of the lengthy Eugene O ' Neill play .     The characters not only speak their  lines  ,  they also speak their thoughts .  
Mr .  Cathcart says he has had  " a lot of fun "  at Kidder ,  adding the crack about his being a  " tool-and-die man "  never bothered him .      " It was an absolutely marvelous  line  and one I used many times ,  "  he says .  
 Its symptoms include a cold sweat at the sound of debate ,  clammy hands in the face of congressional criticism ,  and fainting spells when someone writes the word  " controversy .  "     As one unidentified official clearly in the late stages of the disease told the Times:  " Baker just felt that there were some  lines  in the speech that could be misinterpreted and seized by the press .  "  
 On an office wall of the Senate intelligence committee hangs a quote from Chairman David Boren ,   " Don ' t hold your ticket  ' til the show ' s over .  "     He once used that  line  in a closed-door meeting on Panama ,  meaning don ' t shrink from taking action against Manuel Noriega .  
 For the second time ,  in a movie called  " The Bear ,  "  French director Jean-Jacques Annaud demonstrates just how powerful pictures can be .  ( " Quest for Fire "  was the first time . ) To be sure ,  one wonders what kind of man is this ,  who feels compelled to try to understand the most primitive longing and instinct in a way that requires the most sophisticated appreciation of visual storytelling .     Supposedly ,  he proposed the movie to his producer ,  Claude Berri ,  in four  lines :  " An orphan bear cub .  
 Finally ,  of course ,  the boss gives in ,  but he ' s still yelling:  " I find myself explaining anything to Teddy Kennedy ,  you ' ll be chasing stolen cars in Anchorage .  "         In fact ,  throughout  " Mancuso FBI ,  "  we don ' t get words or  lines  -- we get speeches .  
 You ' re the real criminal here  .   .   .  and what you did wasn ' t just a murder -- it was a crime against humanity .  "         And ,  at least once a show ,  someone delivers the  line   " Get off that soapbox .  "  
 For now ,  defense attorneys are tight-lipped about their plans .     Max Gitter ,  another GAF defense attorney ,  said yesterday ,   " As we go in for the third time ,  Yogi Berra ' s famous  line  is apt: `It ' s deja vu all over again .  '  "  
 After a slick redesign ,  the two-year-old magazine has been relaunched this month by its parent company ,  Keizaikai Corp .  ,  the Tokyo-based company with interests that include financial services ,  book publishing and a tourist agency .     Printed in the U . S .  and carrying the  line   " The Insider ' s Japan ,  "  Business Tokyo ' s October cover story was  " The World ' s No .  1 Customer "  -- Japanese women .  
 Rep .  Garcia ,  on trial for bribery and extortion ,  puts statements in the Congressional Record attributing missed votes to  " scheduling conflicts .  "   .   .   .     A GOP Senate fund-raising letter from Sen .  Burns of Montana is made to appear personally written ,  and its opening  line  is ,   " Please excuse my handwriting .  "  
 It works .     Mr .  Bartlett managed to more or less maintain Moliere ' s Alexandrine verse form ,  12 syllable  lines  in rhyming couplets .  
 The new beer ,  introduced this week at a liquor industry convention ,  is imported from Switzerland ' s Cardinal brewery .     Heidelberg ' s first ads for the brand ,  which Sibra says will compete with imported light beer leader Amstel Light ,  feature the  line   " The best tasting light beer you ' ve ever seen .  "  
 Whether a cash crunch might eventually force the company to cut its quarterly dividend ,  raised 36% to 75 cents a share only a year ago ,  has become a topic of intense speculation on Wall Street since Mr .  Stookey deflected dividend questions in a Sept .  29 meeting with analysts .         Some viewed his response -- that company directors review the dividend regularly -- as nothing more than the standard  line  from executives .  
  " An L . A .  solution ,  "  explains Mr .  Friedman .          Line  by line Mr .  Friedman ' s weary cynicism can be amusing ,  especially when he ' s riffing on the Hollywood social scheme -- the way people size each other up ,  immediately canceling the desperate ones who merely almost made it .  
 Harry has avoided all that by living in a Long Island suburb with his wife ,  who ' s so addicted to soap operas and mystery novels she barely seems to notice when her husband disappears for drug-seeking forays into Manhattan .         But it doesn ' t take too many  lines  to figure Harry out .  
  " When Wall Street turned around shortly after the opening ,  there was panic buying in Paris .  "         Brokers said that as the news spread that Wall Street was moving up ,  traders who had called to place sell orders changed their  line  in mid-conversation ,  ordering buys instead .  
 That issue ,  like racial tensions in New York City ,  will have to cool down ,  not heat up ,  before it can simmer .     But I am suggesting that they stop requiring Mr .  Mason to interrupt his classic shtik with some  line  about  " caring for other people "  that would sound shmaltzy on the lips of Miss America .  
 Marubeni hopes the movie ,   " China Shadow ,  "  which will be about Hong Kong ' s return to China ' s control ,  will become a box-office success all over the world .     To make international success possible ,  the film is in English -- even the Japanese actors deliver their  lines  in English ,  whether or not they understand what they are saying .  
   His voice is hoarse and his spurs drag in the mud ,  but  " George Dickel "  slogs through the drizzle and cold wind ,  bravely shouting his  lines  in a staged shootout with a dastardly gunfighter ,  archrival  " Jack Daniel .  "  
 Fatimata Sanga ,  the elderly woman cast as Yaaba (which means grandmother) ,  is stringy ,  bald and toothless ,  yet she carries herself with an ethereal gracefulness .     At a news conference ,  Mr .  Ouedraogo said the script -- which is credited to him -- had to conform to Ms .  Sanga ' s inability to remember  lines  ,  or much of anything else .  
 The U . S .  Customs Service provided you with enough facts to produce a balanced and fair article .     The opening  line  ,   " It sounds incredible ,  even for a boondoggler like Uncle Sam ,  "  set the stage for the act to follow -- a play ,  in our view ,  with no substance .  
 Pinned to the wall of a large reception room in the Soviet Embassy here ,  not far from a heroic portrait of the father of Soviet communism himself ,  hung a poster heralding the arrival in Washington of the Moscow Circus .     At the bottom in bold print was a  line  smacking unequivocally of free enterprise:  " Brought to you by Snuggle .  "  
 The roaring of the sea and wind -- fiery meteors flying about in the air -- the prodigious glare of almost perpetual lightning -- the crash of the falling houses -- the ear-piercing shrieks of the distressed ,  were sufficient to strike astonishment into Angels .         Actually ,  the pen writing those  lines  was that of Alexander Hamilton .  
 For CBS Evening News ,  Juan Vasquez reported that  " the residents of St .  Croix are overjoyed to see the soldiers (1 , 100 military police dispatched by President Bush) from the mainland .  "         The word  " residents "  is loaded and Mr .  Vasquez ' s wrap-up  lines  were also unintentionally revealing:  " For  .   .   .  tourists the nightmare is ending .  
  " Mountain ,  I want to be in you .     Together we could grow wild and natural things ,  "  Belinda wrote ,  among other ,  much -- steamier ,   lines  .  
 To communicate the  " break-the-rules "  ad series ,  Burger King hired 10 musical acts -- including Paul Shaffer and the World ' s Most Dangerous Band ,  crooner Mel Torme and blues singer John Lee Hooker -- and let them write their own songs for radio spots .     While abandoning the standardized jingle ,  that part of the campaign will be tied together with the  line  ,   " Sometimes you just gotta break the rules .  "  
 But the mystery behind that failure is one reason Mr .  Hatch loves junk mail so: It ' s both mathematically precise (results of a mailing can be measured to the hundredth of a percentage point) and completely unpredictable .         When Historical Times Co .  was soliciting customers ,  in a so-called dry test ,  for Civil War-related products that didn ' t yet exist ,  the company ' s lawyers insisted that the package include a microscopic  line  noting that the offer was contingent on receiving enough orders .     That line ,  the only difference between the new mailing and earlier ones ,  increased response by 15% .  
 That  line  ,  the only difference between the new mailing and earlier ones ,  increased response by 15% .     From then on ,  the company put the line on all its offers .  
 Foreign trade played a very small role in the U . S .  economy .     Stories about U . S .  exports in this newspaper would carry an apologetic  line  explaining that the subject really was worth discussing even though exports accounted for only about 4% of the gross national product .  
 As an attempt to link decadent ,  dying Weimar with L . A .  pool culture it was an astonishing failure from a talented director .         With the exception of the energetic Marvellee Cariaga as Mrs .  Begbick and Jonathan Mack as Jack ,  who gorges himself to death on raw meat ,  the cast delivered its  lines  without emotion or energy .  
 Underneath the slick production ,  the smoky grays and blues ,  lurks some rather unstylish racism .         As cop stories go ,  this one (written by Craig Bolotin and Warren Lewis) dredges up many cliches of the genre and invents many new ones ,  mostly vulgar  lines  spit out by Michael Douglas with a reasonable amount of fervor .  
 And Japanese star Ken Takakura admirably carries the burden of being the human Japanese ,  the cop who joins up with the visitors from New York .     Oh ,  yes ,  there ' s a girl ,  played by Kate Capshaw ,  whose  lines  seem to have been cut drastically ,  but not nearly as much as the backs of her dresses .  
 Con men and charlatans are so thick and so persistent that they make camel drivers at the Pyramids look like Swiss maitres d '  .         Typically ,  the hustle begins with a  line  reminiscent of the pickpocket in the movie  " Casablanca ,  "  who warns a bar patron ,   " This is a dangerous place ,  full of vultures "  -- just as he ' s relieving the mark of his wallet .  
 But after Kodak ' s second-quarter profit plunged 85% -- and shocked Wall Street -- only a tantrum ,  a vivid demonstration of how he wanted to cut costs ,  would suffice .      " There ' s no working the middle course in wartime ,  "  Mr .  Chandler asserted ,  borrowing a  line  from Winston Churchill .  
 Your Aug .  17 editorial page contained  " The Poem Heard Round the World ,  "  with Richard F .  Barrett ' s comment on Edwin Markham ' s poem  " The Man With a Hoe ,  "  inspired by Millet ' s painting .     The theme is in these stirring  lines : 
 ---        In regard to questions concerning the changed  line  in Markham ' s poem: My source was  " The Britannica Library of Great American Writing ,  "  edited by Louis Untermeyer .  
 Not just after McFour o ' clock .  "         The ad carries a  line  describing it as  " a public service message .  "  
 It offers bits of technical information .     It shows the writer teetering at the tip of the  line  of words .  
 It would present ,  by way of  " a dispatch from the desk ,  "  something more than dimwitted illuminations .     Of these ,  there are many in this book:  " When you write ,  you lay out a  line  of words " ;  " Putting a book together is interesting and exhilarating " ;  " How we spend our days is ,  of course ,  how we spend our lives .  
 His research ,  moreover ,  is sloppy .     For instance ,  he passes along without comment the  line  that Jim Jacobs ,  the fighter ' s late co-manager ,  was born wealthy .  
 Wanting her film to have the aura of objectivity ,  Ms .  Franklin-Trout begins by adopting the pose of the network anchor .     She delivers opening  lines  that presuppose a reasonableness ,  a fairness ,  a balance:  " Tonight ,  we take you inside the territory to look at the realities that led to the rebellion .  "  
  " The on-air promotion schedule is the most aggressive it ' s ever been ,  "  says Tom Remiszewski ,  director of advertising and promotion at ABC Sports .     In the past week ,  the network has run a spot promoting tonight ' s kickoff ,  playing up the 20th-season theme and featuring Mr .  Williams singing the  line  ,   " Are you ready for some football ?  "  
  " We set off little comedy bombs that go off later ,  "  years later ,  he explains .     So he put in  lines  like  " Make my doggie day ,  "  introduced a pretentious Francophile pooch and ,  when a dog is having puppies ,  slipped in a joke about Lamaze breathing .  
 ---        You quoted Ford ' s old  line  that the Edsel was the first  " all-new "  car from Detroit ' s Big three in 18 years and that Ford spent $250 million to develop it (Ford ' s propaganda always said a quarter of a billion -- it sounded bigger that way) .  
 Unlike  " Imelda ,  "  Donizetti ' s  " Maria Stuarda "  of 1834 is a steadily inspired ,  brilliantly theatrical opera .     Donizetti ' s imaginary encounter between the two queens ,  Mary Stuart and Elizabeth Tudor ,  slowly heats up into an insult match that culminates with Mary ' s great  line :  " vil bastarda] "  It needs no translation ,  which is just as well since the album doesn ' t offer any .  
 Mats Wilander ,  the defending champion and No .  5 seed ,  was ambushed by 91st-ranked Pete Sampras in round two .     Then fourth-seeded John McEnroe ,  tennis ' s perennial bad boy (that ' s English for enfant terrible) ,  was mugged by 115th-ranked Paul Haarhuis ,  a player so obscure he rates nary a  line  in the game ' s media guide .  
 But for the upscale retailer Barneys New York ,  which is outfitting comedian Joan Rivers for her new talk show this fall ,  the wardrobe credit couldn ' t have come at a better time: Barneys is in the midst of a big expansion beyond the New York area .         Designers often get more than a  line  zooming by as the credits roll .  
 But for all the then-and-now charm ,  each story has to be shoehorned into little yesterday ,  today and tomorrow boxes .     The fit is often awkward: In their search for a tomorrow to throw in ,  the producers give us such half-hearted  lines  as ,   " In a future war ,  My Lai could happen again .  "  
 He recalls with amusement the time he literally locked the office doors and dispatched all his marketing people to the field for three days .     Mr .  Sharer says he even plans to print up signs for himself and his subordinates with novelist John le Carre ' s  line :  " A desk is a dangerous place from which to watch the world .  "  
 To emphasize the surprising speed with which the charioteer is about to be served ,  the ads '  signature is ,   " the Pizza you won ' t believa .  "     In some ads the  line  is sung ,  opera-style .  (Burnett used opera singing to memorable advantage in its current ads for Cheer detergent . ) 
 At a news conference ,  General Electric Co .  ' s NBC also described the structure of its previously announced nationwide sweepstakes that will award $2 million in cash and prizes and give four people one-time appearances on new NBC prime-time series .          " We ' ll see how well they can talk ,  but the goal is to give the winners at least one  line  {of dialogue} ,  "  said John Miller ,  senior vice president ,  NBC Entertainment .  
  " But he ' s not a corporate animal ,  so this is perfect for him .  "         Mr .  Gordon himself produces this  line  to sum up:  " As a career move ,  this is my field of dreams .  "  
 Some contributors ,  however ,  are eager to associate themselves with the patriotic and educational aspects of their participation .     Says Mr .  Armour of American Express ,  echoing the  lines  of other sponsors:  " We love to be patriotic .  
 The author was Edwin Markham ,  a hitherto undistinguished poet who became famous when Bailey Millard ,  the editor of the San Francisco Examiner ,  accepted  " The Man With the Hoe "  for publication in 1899 and it was immediately reprinted all over the world .         The poem was inspired by Jean Francois Millet ' s famous painting of the same name ,  and it became a prophecy ,  when Markham ended it with these  lines : 
 Markham died in 1940 at the age of 88 .          " The Man With the Hoe "  cannot be said to have had the impact of the  " Communist Manifesto "  of Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels ,  but it did precede the Russian Revolution of 1917 ,  which seemed to answer the question Markham posed in the poem ' s closing  lines  .  
 At about the same time ,  Sen .  Wallop also carried the argument personally to Mr .  Bush during a flight aboard Air Force One with the president ,  who was traveling to Yellowstone Park to make a speech .     But Mr .  Bush seemed preoccupied with other concerns; back in Washington several days later ,  reading a  line  inserted in a speech by an aide ,  Mr .  Bush said he looked forward to Mr .  Fiske ' s arrival .  
 But no one has the same vacation .  "     Another spot ' s  line :  " What ' s Club Med ?  
 BBDO serviced the account for more than 30 years .     It was there that copywriter Jim Jordan wrote the well-known  " ring around the collar "   line  .  
 In North Korea ,  the propaganda  line  still contains heavy doses of  " anti-imperialism "  and other ,  well-worn revolutionary themes .     The line that draws the biggest cheer from the ever-cheering crowd at the stadium is ,   " U . S .  
  " That was hilarious ,  that was so cruel ,  "  says Chris Kreski ,  the show ' s 26-year-old head writer .         Backstage ,  Mr .  Kreski struggles to come up with a  " mom  line  ,  "  the nightly joke in which Mr .  Ober is interrupted by the voice of his mother asking him to do some gross chore ,  such as trimming her mustache . 
