 yields  on  money-market mutual funds  continued to slide  ,  amid  signs  that  portfolio managers  expect  further declines  in   interest  rates   .  
 longer maturities  are thought to indicate  declining  interest  rates  because  they  permit  portfolio managers  to retain relatively  higher rates  for  a longer period   .  
 nevertheless  ,  said  brenda malizia negus   ,   editor  of  money fund report   ,  yields `` may  blip  up again before  they   blip  down  '  '  because of  recent rises  in  short-term  interest  rates   .  
 j . p .  bolduc   ,   vice chairman  of  w . r .  grace  &amp;  co .    ,   which  holds  a 83 . 4 %  interest   in  this energy-services company   ,  was elected  a director   .  
 finmeccanica  is  an italian state-owned holding company  with   interests   in  the mechanical engineering industry   .  
 in  august   ,   the commission  ruled that between  $ 190 million  and  $ 195 million  of  the plant  ' s construction cost  was unreasonable and should be refunded  ,  plus   interest    .  
 last month   ,   judge curry  set  the  interest  rate  on  the refund  at  9 %   .  
 gary hoffman   ,   a washington lawyer  specializing in  intellectual-property cases   ,  said  the threat  of  u . s .  retaliation   ,  combined with  a growing recognition  that protecting  intellectual property  is in  a country  ' s own  interest    ,  prompted  the improvements  made by  south korea   ,   taiwan  and  saudi arabia   .  
 mr .  rapanelli  recently has said  the government  of  president carlos menem   ,   who  took  office july 8   ,  feels  a significant reduction  of  principal  and   interest   is  the only way   the debt problem  may be solved  .  
 that stake   ,  together with  its convertible  preferred  stock holdings   ,  gives  faulding   the right  to increase  its  interest   to  70 %  of  moleculon  ' s voting stock   .  
 the purchases  show  the strong  interest   of  japanese investors  in  u . s .  mortgage-based instruments   ,   fannie mae  ' s chairman   ,   david o .  maxwell   ,  said at  a news conference   .  
 first  ,   they  are designed to eliminate  the risk  of  prepayment --mortgage-backed securities  can be retired early if   interest  rates  decline  ,  and  such prepayment  forces  investors  to redeploy  their money  at  lower rates   .  
 at  the same time   ,   the drop  in   interest  rates  since  the spring  has failed to revive  the residential construction industry   .  
 david berson   ,   economist  for  the mortgage bankers association   ,  predicted  the drop  in   interest  rates  eventually will boost spending on  single-family homes   ,  but probably not until  early next year   .  
 the toronto-based real estate concern  said  each bond warrant  entitles  the holder  to buy  c$ 1 , 000 principal amount  of  debentures  at  par  plus accrued   interest   to  the date  of  purchase   .  
 he  also said that after  the charges   ,  and `` assuming  no dramatic fluctuation  in   interest  rates   ,   the company  expects to achieve  near-record earnings  in  1990   .  
 the fire  is also fueled by growing  international  interest   in  japanese behavior   .  
 meanwhile  ,   traders  in  tokyo  say that  the prospect  of  lower u . s .   interest  rates  has spurred  dollar  buying by  japanese institutions   .  
 the market  again showed  little  interest   in  further evidence  of  a  slowing  u . s .  economy   ,  and  traders  note that  the market  in  recent weeks  has taken  its cues  more from  wall street  than  u . s .  economic indicators   .  
 signs  of  a slowing economy  are increasing  pressure  on  the federal reserve  to cut  short-term  interest  rates   ,  but  it  is n ' t clear whether  the central bank  will do so  .  
 the fed  cut  the key federal funds  interest  rate  by about  0 . 25 percentage point  to  8 . 75 %  after  the oct .  13 stock market plunge   ,  but has shown  no sign  of  movement  since  .  
 ``  each day  that  congress  fails to act .  .  .  will cause  additional disruption  in  our borrowing schedule   ,  possibly resulting in  higher  interest  costs  to  the taxpayer   ,   '  '   treasury secretary nicholas brady  said in  a speech  prepared for  delivery last night  to  a group  of  bankers   .  
 ``  we  believe that  it  is vitally important for  those japanese business  interests    in  the u . s   .  
 heightened japanese  interest   in  american small business  parallels  an acceleration  of  investments  giving  japanese companies  control of  large   ,  highly  visible u . s .  corporations   ,  such as  columbia pictures entertainment inc   .  
 last year   ,   mitsubishi international corp .    ,   the new york-based arm  of  mitsubishi corp .    ,  bought controlling   interest   in  the glass company  in  a joint venture  with  ronald bodner   ,   a glass industry executive  and  mitsubishi consultant   .  
 adds takeshi kondo   ,   senior vice president  of  c .  itoh america inc .   : ``  we  have  a great  interest   in making  investments   ,  particularly in  new ventures   .  
 mr .  klauser  says  mitsui  has  75 u . s .  subsidiaries  in  which   it  holds  35 %  interest   or  more  and  the trading company  hopes to double  the number  of  its u . s .  affiliates  in  1990   .  
 for nearly  a decade   ,   banks  have competed for  customers  primarily with  the  interest  rates they  pay on  their deposits  and  charge  on  their loans   .  
 wednesday   ,   november 1   ,   1989    the key u . s .   and  foreign annual  interest  rates  below are  a guide  to  general levels  but do n ' t always represent  actual transactions   .  
 olympia broadcasting corp .   said  it  did n ' t make  a $ 1 . 64 million semiannual  interest  payment due yesterday  on  $ 23 . 4 million  of  senior subordinated debentures   .  
 the united kingdom high court  declared  illegal a variety  of   interest  rate swap transactions  and  options  deals between  a london borough council  and  commercial banks   .  
 at  one point   ,   hammersmith  is reported to have accounted for as much as  10 %  of  the sterling market  in   interest  rate swap dealings   .  
 when  two parties  engage in  an  interest  rate  swap  ,   they  are betting against  each other  on  future rates   .  
 thus  ,   an institution  obligated to make  fixed-rate  interest  payments  on  debt  swaps  the payments  with  another  making  floating-rate payments   .  
 as   interest  rates  rose  ,   municipalities  owed  the banks  more than  the banks  were paying  them   .  
 ``  i   ' m starting to see  more business transactions   ,   '  '  says  andrea west  of  american telephone  &amp;  telegraph co .    ,  noting  growing  interest   in  use  of  900 service  for  stock sales   ,   software tutorials  and even  service contracts   .  
 ``  i   ' d much rather see  them  dealing with   interest  rates  and  the deficit   .  
 there  is  $ 30 . 9 million  of  fourth series bonds   ,   the  interest   on  which  is not subject to  the federal alternative minimum tax   .  
 its backers  fielded  every important  interest   on  their team  --  a popular mayor   ,   the chamber  of  commerce   ,   the major media  -- and spent  $ 100 , 000  on  promotion   .  
 congress  could create  a compensation program  to help  such victims  while protecting  the national  interest   in encouraging  new drugs   .  
 institutions  mostly remained on  the sidelines  because of  uncertainty regarding  interest  rates  and  the dollar   .  
 due  to continuingly  high gold prices  tied to  uncertainty  about  the u . s .  currency   ,   investor  interest   was directed toward  oil  and  mining shares   ,   which traders  called  a  ``  defensive   '  '   action  frequently taken when  the dollar  is expected to fall or during  times  of  inflation   .  
 dealers  said  most investor  interest   was focused on  defensive blue-chip stocks   ,  particularly  those  with  limited u . k .  exposure   .  
 total return  measures  price changes  and   interest  income   .  
 the rating concern  said  the textile  and  clothing company  ' s  interest  expense  exceeds  operating profit  `` by  a wide margin   '  '  and  it  noted united  ' s estimated  after-tax loss  of  $ 24 million  for  the year  ended  june 30   .  
 although  takeover experts  said  they  doubted  mr .  steinberg  will make  a bid  by  himself   ,   the application  by  his reliance group holdings inc .   could signal  his  interest   in helping revive  a failed labor-management bid   .  
 younkers management  is likely to buy  a 10 %  to  20 %  interest   in  the chain  in  january   ,  said  fred s .  hubbell   ,   equitable  ' s president  and  chief executive officer   .  
 reuters holdings plc  said  michael reupke  resigned as  general manager  to pursue  unspecified  interests    ,   a move   the news organization  termed  an  ``  amicable separation   .  
 the company  also cited   interest  costs  and  amortization  of  goodwill  as  factors  in  the loss   .  
 trading is expected to remain subdued as  the market  awaits  tomorrow  ' s release  of  the jobs data  with  the hope  that  it  will point toward  a decline  in   interest  rates   .  
 meridian national corp .   said  it  sold  750 , 000 shares  of  its common stock  to  the mcalpine family  interests    ,  for  $ 1 million   ,  or  $ 1 . 35   a share   .  
 the thrift  said that `` after  these charges  and assuming  no dramatic fluctuation  in   interest  rates   ,   the association  expects to achieve near  record earnings  in  1990   .  
 the fed  is coming under  pressure  to cut  short-term  interest  rates  due to  the apparent slowing  of  the economy   .  
 tuesday   ,   october 31   ,   1989    the key u . s .   and  foreign annual  interest  rates  below are  a guide  to  general levels  but do n ' t always represent  actual transactions   .  
 it  was in  jaguar  ' s best  interests   `` for  the company  ' s future  to be assured and  the present climate  of  uncertainty  resolved as quickly as  possible   ,   '  '   mr .  ridley  said  .  
 the share price  was languishing at about  400 pence  before  ford  ' s sept .  19 announcement  of  its  interest   in  a minority stake   .  
 the government   ,  already buffeted by  high  interest  rates  and  a slowing economy   ,  has been badly hurt by  last week  ' s shake-up  in  mrs .  thatcher  ' s cabinet   .  
 ``  he  is going to pursue  other  interests    ,   '  '   mr .  jahn  said  .  
 but  other sectors  failed to attract  investor  interest   and remained  sluggish   ,  making  overall  trading appear mixed  .  
 first  ,   he  said  ,   domestic  interest  rates  are likely to stay at  higher levels  as increased  anticipation  of  inflation  followed rising  consumer prices  reported  last week   .  
 the cd trend  runs counter to  the direction  of  short-term  interest  rates  at  the treasury bill auction monday   .  
 but when  market  interest  rates  move up rapidly  ,   increases  in  bank cd  yields sometimes lag  .  
 fraser  &amp;  neave   ,   which  also has   interests   in packaging  ,   beer  and  dairy products   ,  holds  the coke licenses  for  malaysia  and  brunei   ,  where  per-capita consumption  is n ' t as high as in  singapore   .  
 moody    ' s investors service inc .   said  it  lowered  the ratings  on about  $ 3 . 2 billion  of  houston lighting  &amp;amp;  power co .   ' s securities  because of  the company  ' s low levels  of   interest  coverage  and  internal cash generation   .  
 the remainder  expect  a downturn  to begin sometime in  although  manufacturers  often are quick to call for  lower  interest  rates   ,   60 %  of  the executives  said  they  would prefer that  the fed  keep inflation-fighting as  its top priority  even if  that  means  higher rates   .  
 the other 40 %  said  the fed  ought to worry  less  about  inflation  and bring   interest  rates  down  .  
 the average  interest  rate  rose to  8 . 3875 %  at  citicorp  ' s $ 50 million weekly auction  of  91-day commercial paper   ,  or  corporate ious   ,  from  8 . 337 %  at  last week  ' s sale   .  
 the fbi  initially showed  little  interest    ,  and  he  had  the impression other federal security agencies  were tangled up in  legal red tape   .  
 one  of  its international specialists   ,   steve white   ,  took  a quick  interest   in  mr .  stoll  ' s hunt   ,  ultimately tracing  the hacker  to  west germany   .  
 but  higher  interest  rates  paid on  off-budget debt  could add  billions  to  the bailout  costs  ,  and would n ' t be subject to  congressional scrutiny   ,   ways  and  means members  argued  .  
 the lumber   ,   insulation  and  fireproofing concern  said  the transaction   ,   which  includes  a swap  of  other timber  interests    ,  would result in  a $ 13 . 5 million after-tax  gain  ,  to be recorded in  the fourth quarter   .  
 a spokesman  said  healthvest  has paid  two  of  the three banks   it  owed   interest   to in  october  and is in  negotiations  with  the third bank   .  
 the loan  is backed by  healthcare  ' s 5 . 4 % stake  in  healthvest  and   interest   in  certain facilities   .  
 prosecutors   ,  in  an indictment  based on  the grand jury  ' s report   ,  maintain that at  various times  since  1975   ,   he  owned  a secret  and  illegal  interest   in  a beer distributorship  ; plotted hidden  ownership *interests  in  real estate   that  presented  an alleged conflict  of  *interest  ; set up  a dummy corporation  to buy  a car  and obtain  insurance  for  his former girlfriend  ( now  his second wife  ) ; and maintained  54 accounts  in  six banks  in  cambria county   .  
 prosecutors   ,  in  an indictment  based on  the grand jury  ' s report   ,  maintain that at  various times  since  1975   ,   he  owned  a secret  and  illegal *interest  in  a beer distributorship  ; plotted hidden  ownership  interests   in  real estate   that  presented  an alleged conflict  of  *interest  ; set up  a dummy corporation  to buy  a car  and obtain  insurance  for  his former girlfriend  ( now  his second wife  ) ; and maintained  54 accounts  in  six banks  in  cambria county   .  
 it  refinanced  the judge  ' s loan   ,  lowered  its  interest  rate  and accepted  a trade-in   that  had n ' t originally been  part  of  the deal  --  a beat  up  1981 chevy citation   the dealer  had to repair before  it  could be resold  .  
 two years  later  ,   he  wrote to complain that  the  interest    he  was paying on  an unsecured $ 10 , 000 loan  was `` absolutely onerous  .  
 the group  ' s bid  for  $ 40 . 9 million  of  wastewater treatment  insured  bonds   ,   series 1989   a   ,  produced  a 7 . 0826 % true  interest  cost   .  
 the group  ' s bid  for  $ 34 . 2 million  of  wastewater treatment bonds   ,   series 1989 b   ,  produced  a 7 . 0808 % true  interest  cost   .  
  interest   on  the bonds  will be treated as  a preference item  in calculating  the federal alternative minimum tax   that  may be imposed on  certain investors   .  
 but  it  marks  a big change  for  the japanese   ,   who  shunned  mortgage securities  after getting burned by  a big downturn  in   interest   rates  a few years  back  .  
 ``  you  ca n ' t say  it   ' s  a  ``  tsunami   '  '  (  tidal wave  )  ,  but  we   ' re making  some headway   ,   '  '  says  fannie mae  ' s chairman   ,   david o .  maxwell   ,   who  visits  tokyo  at  least  once  a year  to explain and drum up  investor  interest   in  mortgage securities   .  
 ``   interest   is  a great deal  higher than  it  was  a year  ago  .  
  '  '  ultimately  ,   he  says  ,   strong demand  could help to drive down   interest  rates  on  mortgage securities   .  
 compounding  the trouble  to  japanese investors   ,   mortgage securities  pay   interest   monthly  ,  since  most mortgages  require  homeowners  to make  monthly payments   .  
 supporters  of  poison pills  argue  that their adoption  forces  bidders  to negotiate with  a corporation  ' s directors   ,   who  are thereby put in  a better position  to pursue  the long-term  interests   of  the corporation   .  
 enfield  is  a holding company  with   interests   in manufacturing  concerns   .  
 odds  and  ends   despite  growing  interest   in  the environment   ,   u . s .  consumers  have n ' t shown  much *interest  in  refillable packages  for  household products   .  
 odds  and  ends   despite  growing *interest  in  the environment   ,   u . s .  consumers  have n ' t shown  much  interest   in  refillable packages  for  household products   .  
 they  pay   interest   only for  115 months   ,  with  principal payments  beginning thereafter  .  
 a number  of  those  polled predict  the dollar  will slip as  the federal reserve eases  interest  rates   .  
 in  last month  ' s survey   ,   a number  of  currency analysts  predicted  the dollar  would be  pressured  by  a narrowing  of   interest  rate differentials  between  the u . s .   and  west germany   .  
 after  a  surprisingly  sharp  widening in  the u . s .  august merchandise trade deficit  --  $ 10 . 77 billion  from  a revised $ 8 . 24 billion  in  july  and well above  expectations  -- and  a startling 190-point drop  in  stock prices  on  oct .  13   ,   the federal reserve  relaxed  short-term  interest  rates   ,  knocking  fed funds  from around  9 %  to  8 34 %   .  
 but  predictions  that  central banks  of  the group  of  seven  (  g-7  )  major industrial nations  would continue  their massive dollar sales  went astray  ,  as  the market  drove  the dollar  downward on  its own   ,  reacting to  wall street  ' s plunge  and  subsequent price volatility   ,   lower u . s .   interest  rates  and  signs  of  a  slowing  u . s .  economy   .  
 but  ,   mr .  kakita  added  ,  once  u . s .  equities  regain  some stability   ,   players  will move back into  dollar-denominated investments   ,  especially  treasury bonds   ,   whose value  rises when   interest  rates  decline  .  
 he  said  he  expects  u . s .   interest  rates  to decline  ,  dragging  the dollar  down to around  1 . 80 marks  by  the end  of  january  after  a short-lived dash  to  1 . 87 marks  by  the end  of  november   .  
 west german  interest  rates   ,   he  said  ,  will remain  unchanged   .  
 ``  we   ' re finally seeing  the culmination  of  all the recessionary buildup  of  the last few months   ,   '  '   he  said  ,  noting  a  continuing  downward trend  in  u . s .   interest  rates   ,   a shaky stock market  and ``  gloomier economic times  ahead  '  '   all  signal  a  significantly  lower dollar   .  
 the head trader  of  chemical banking corp .   ' s  interest  rate options group  has left  the company   ,  following  valuation errors   that  resulted in  a $ 33 million charge  against  its third-quarter results   .  
 in  other personnel changes  stemming from  problems  in  its options unit  :  --  chemical  named  james kennedy   ,   a trader  in  swaps contracts  for  the bank   ,  to assume  mr .  edelson  ' s duties  and to be trading  manager  for  derivative products   ,  including  swaps  and   interest  rate options   .  
 the spokeswoman  said  the frankfurt situation  was `` totally  different   '  '  from  problems  in  the  interest  rate options unit   .  
 according to  individuals  familiar with  the situation   ,   the frankfurt loss  stemmed from  a computer program  for calculating  prices  on  forward-rate agreements   that  failed to envision  an  interest  rate environment  where  short-term rates  were equal to or higher than  long-term rates   .  
 while  the incidents  involving   interest  rate options  and  forward-rate agreements  are unrelated  ,   some observers  say  they  echo  a 1987 incident  in  which   bankers trust new york corp .   restated  the value  of  its foreign exchange options  contracts downward by about  $ 80 million   .  
 in  an  interest  rate options contract   ,   a client  pays  a fee  to  a bank  for  custom-tailored protection  against  adverse *interest rate swings  for  a specified period   .  
 started  three years  ago  ,   chemical  ' s  interest  rate options group  was  a leading force  in  the field   .  
 started  three years  ago  ,   chemical  ' s  interest  rate options group  was  a leading force  in  the field   .  
 after  20 years  of  pushing labor proposals  to overhaul  the nation  ' s health-care system   ,   bert seidman  of  the afl-cio  is finding   interest   from  an unlikely quarter  :  big business   .  
 some analysts  are cynical about  the new corporate  interest   in  health-care overhaul   .  
 unless   the federal reserve eases  interest  rates  soon to stimulate  the economy   ,   profits  could remain  disappointing   .  
 bouygues s . a .    ,   a diversified construction concern  based in  paris   ,  said  its consolidated profit  for  the 1989 first half   ,  after  payments  to  minority  interests    ,  surged to  188 million french francs  (  $ 30 . 2 million  ) from  65 million francs   a year  earlier  .  
 for  all  of  1988   ,   bouygues  had consolidated  profit  of  519 million francs   ,  after  payments  to  minority  interests    ,  on  revenue  of  50 billion francs   .  
 ``  the  interest  rate sensitives  are n ' t rallying with  the rest  of  the market  because of  fears  about  what   the  (  federal reserve  ) will do  ,   '  '   mr .  jennison  said  .  
 he  said that  investors  will scour  the october employment report   ,   due  out  friday   ,  for  clues  about  the direction  of  the economy  and  the immediate outlook  for   interest  rates   .  
 the separate $ 67 billion bill  sent to  the white house  had  budget difficulties   ,  too  ,  but was saved ultimately by  its importance  to  a broad spectrum  of   interests   in  congress  and  the administration   itself   .  
 the dallas oil  and  gas concern  said that  $ 10 million  of  the facility  would be used to consolidate  the company  ' s $ 8 . 1 million  of  existing bank debt   ,  to repurchase  4 million  of  its 4 . 9 million shares  outstanding of  series d convertible preferred stock   ,  and to purchase  a 10 % net-profits  interest   in  certain oil  and  gas properties  from  one  of  its existing lenders   ,   national canada corp   .  
 ted eubank   ,   coda  ' s president   ,  said  the loan  carries  an  interest  rate  of  prime  plus  one percentage point   ,  with  85 %  of  the company  ' s net oil  and  gas revenue   each month  dedicated to  repayment   .  
 santa fe  has disclosed that  it  is negotiating to sell  a 20 %  interest   in  its real estate unit  to  the california public employees retirement system  for roughly  $ 400 million   .  
 profit  after  tax  and  minority  interest   but before  extraordinary items  rose  12 %  to #  135 . 2 million  ;  per-share earnings  rose to  five pence  from  4 . 5 pence   .  
  '  '    mr .  meek  said  his suspicions  were aroused by  several foreign investments  by  lincoln   ,  including  $ 22 million  paid to  credit suisse  of  switzerland   ,   an $ 18 million  interest   in  saudi european bank  in  paris   ,   a $ 17 . 5 million investment  in  a bahamas trading company   ,  and  a  recently discovered holding in  a panama-based company   ,   southbrook holdings   .  
 he  noted that  institutional investors  showed `` pretty general  '  '    interest   in  stocks  in  the latest session   .  
 ogden projects   ,   which  has   interests   in  solid-waste recovery  and  hazardous-waste cleanup   ,  said  it  has  13 facilities  in  operation   ,  up from  seven   a year  ago  .  
 meanwhile  ,   ogden corp .    ,   which  also has   interests   in  building maintenance  and  management   ,  reported  third-quarter net income  of  $ 27 . 1 million   ,  or  67 cents   a share   ,  more than twice  the $ 13 . 5 million   ,  or  34 cents   a share   ,   a year  earlier  .  
 ``  his  {  phelan  ' s  }  own  interests   are in building  an electronic marketplace   ,   '  '  said  a market maker   .  
 economists  said  the report  raised  speculation  that  the economic slowdown  could turn into  a recession   ,   which  would pave  the way  for  the federal reserve  to lower   interest  rates   .  
 some analysts  believe  the company  has  the ability  to pinpoint  the trough  in   interest  rate cycles   .  
 in  october 1979   ,  just  days  before  the federal reserve  raised   interest  rates   ,   ibm  offered  $ 1 billion  in  debt securities   .  
 west german bonds  firmed  a bit  after  monday  ' s fall   ,  but  traders  said  the market  remains  bearish due  to  speculation  that   interest  rates  could rise again  .  
 his comments  were interpreted as  a sign  that  higher  interest  rates  are possible  .  
 still  ,   a lot  of  investors  clearly have revived  their  interest   in  gold  and  utility shares   .  
  '  '   `` if  the fed  does not come to  the rescue  and produce  lower short-term  interest  rates  over  the next 30 days   ,   the market   ' s going to flounder  ,   '  '  says  larry wachtel   ,   a market analyst  with  prudential-bache securities   .  
 although  daimler  has said  it  is n ' t *interested in mounting  a bid  for  jaguar   ,   dealers  said  its name  further underlined  the growing  interest   in  the british concern   .  
 takamori matsuda   ,   an analyst  at  dresdner-abd securities   ,  said  fading expectation  for  lower  interest  rates  made  investors  step back from  real-estate shares   ,   which  advanced  last week   .  
 for almost  any peruvian   these days   ,  to show  an  interest   in  public office  is  a heroic gesture  ; for  mr .  vargas llosa  especially so  ,  since  he  already has achieved  a high position  in  the world  ' s eyes  as  a writer   .  
 the four seasons spokeswoman  said  mr .  sharp   ,   who  has  an 81 % voting stake  in  the company   ,  has  no current plans  to sell  his  interest    .  
 rockefeller group  said in  september   it  would seek  investors  to purchase as much as  80 %  of  the firm   ,   a holding company  for  rockefeller family  interests    .  
 selected  blue-chip issues  attracted buying   interest    ,  however  ,  and  the dow jones industrial average  stayed in  positive territory  throughout  the entire session   .  
 the realization  that   interest  rates  will be firm due to  excessive demand  for  credit  on  the part  of  the federal government  ( including  off-balance sheet requirements  ) and  leveraged buyout  related  transactions   .  
 one  can magnify  this problem 10 times  for highly  leveraged companies whose revenues  are slowing and where   interest  rates  are no longer  accommodative   ,  in  bifurcated credit markets   .  
 a dollar   that  will slide into  year end  -- due to  international  interest  rate differentials  and  the choreographed   trading techniques  of  certain oil importers  --  which  does not inspire  foreign-investor *interest   .  
 a dollar   that  will slide into  year end  -- due to  international *interest rate differentials  and  the choreographed   trading techniques  of  certain oil importers  --  which  does not inspire  foreign-investor  interest    .  
 the loan   ,   which  carries  a 9 . 65 % annual  interest  rate   ,  was approved after  scientific-atlanta  won  a $ 29 . 4 million contract  to supply  equipment  and  services  for  the project  in  chile   .  
 short-term  interest  rates  rose at  the government  ' s regular weekly treasury-bill auction   .  
 here are  details  of  yesterday  ' s 51-day cash management bill auction  :    interest  rate 8 . 07 %   the bills  are dated  oct .  31  and  mature dec .  21   ,   1989   .  
 in  june   ,   western union  was forced to reset  the  interest  rate  on  the senior secured notes  due in  1992  to  19 14 %  from  16 12 %   ,   a move   which  increased  the firm  ' s annual *interest payments  by  $ 13 . 8 million   .  
 in  june   ,   western union  was forced to reset  the *interest rate  on  the senior secured notes  due in  1992  to  19 14 %  from  16 12 %   ,   a move   which  increased  the firm  ' s annual  interest  payments  by  $ 13 . 8 million   .  
 ``  my impression  is that  there  is n ' t  anything   which  arouses  our  interest   at  first glance   ,   '  '  says  an official  from  japan  ' s ministry  of  international trade  and  industry   .  
 the survey  also detected  a bit more  interest   in  golf   ,   a positive sign  for  country clubs  and  golf club makers   .  
 the central bank  also unexpectedly raised  the base rate  by  half a percentage point  to  3 . 75 % oct .  11  as  part  of  an inflation-fighting move   that  indirectly increases   interest  rates  charged on  new home construction loans   .  
 analysts  also say  it   ' s inevitable that  brazil  will seek to renegotiate  its $ 115 billion foreign debt   ,  on  which   it  suspended   interest  payments last month   .  
 it  reflects  values  of  a generation   that  wants  more time  for  families  and  personal  interests    ,  says  john h .  moxley iii   ,   who  directs  physician-executive searches  for  kornferry international   .  
 the approach  has generated  so much  interest   that  nyu  is  host  to  the first conference  on  cooperative care nov .  30   .  
 investor  interest   in  stock funds  ``  has n ' t  stalled at  all   ,   '  '   mr .  hines  maintains  .  
  '  '    it  is in  the western  interest   to see  mr .  gorbachev  succeed  .  
 revco  insists that  the proposal  is simply  an  ``  expression  of   interest    ,   '  '  because under  chapter 11 revco  has ``  exclusivity rights   '  '  until  feb .  28   .  
 to ensure  the loyalty  of  the business sector   ,   mr .  gorbachev  may offer  concessions  and  powers   that  will allow  the business community  to preserve  its own  interests    ,  probably by  restricting competition   .  
 quotron  is n ' t profitable on  citicorp  ' s books  because of  the  interest   charges  the new york bank holding company  incurred in buying  the financial-data concern  for  $ 680 million   ,  says  ronald i .  mandle   ,   analyst  for  sanford c .  bernstein  &amp;  co   .  
 abc  ' s baseball experience  may be of   interest   to  cbs inc .    ,   which   next season  takes over  the broadcasting  of  all baseball playoffs  in  a four-year television contract  priced at  $ 1 . 06 billion   .  
 but   interest   instead decreased  .  
 but   interest   waned as  the day  wore on and  investors  looked ahead to  the release  later  this week  of  two important economic reports   .  
 monday   ,   october 30   ,   1989    the key u . s .   and  foreign annual  interest  rates  below are  a guide  to  general levels  but do n ' t always represent  actual transactions   .  
 annualized   interest  rates  on  certain investments  as reported by  the federal reserve board  on  a weekly-average basis  :   a-discounted rate   .  
 western union  had said  two weeks  ago that  it  might withdraw  the pending offer   ,   which  would have replaced  $ 500 million  in  so-called reset notes   ,  now paying  19 . 25 % annual  interest   and set to come due in  1992   ,  with  two new issues  paying  lower *interest   .  
 western union  had said  two weeks  ago that  it  might withdraw  the pending offer   ,   which  would have replaced  $ 500 million  in  so-called reset notes   ,  now paying  19 . 25 % annual *interest  and set to come due in  1992   ,  with  two new issues  paying  lower  interest    .  
 the notes  became  burdensome  when  reset provisions  allowed  their  interest  rate  to be raised to  19 . 25 % last june   .  
 western union  had offered to swap  each $ 1 , 000 face amount  of  the notes  for  six shares  of  common stock  and  two new debt issues  :  a $ 500 note  paying  an  interest  rate  starting at  16 . 75 %  annually and rising in  later years   ,  due in  1992   ,  and  a $ 500 note   ,  due in  1997   ,  paying  a fixed rate  of  17 %  and  including rights  protecting  a holder  against  a decline  in  the trading price  of  the bond   .  
 western union  must make  $ 48 million  in   interest  payments  on  the reset notes  on  dec .  15   ,  and  a company spokesman  said  it  fully intends to meet  the payments   .  
 but  western union  has said  it  must lower  the  interest  rate  on  its debt  to regain  full financial health   .  
 munich-based allianz  ' s brief explanatory statement  said  it  is acting to protect  its own  interests   as  a shareholder  of  navigation mixte   .  
 allianz  said in  its statement  that  it  was acting to protect  that  interest    ,   which  ties  it  to  navigation mixte  as  a partner   .  
 fletcher challenge ltd .   said  its petrocorp unit  agreed to acquire  certain alberta oil  and  gas  interests   from  amoco corp .   ' s canadian unit   ,  for about  130 million canadian dollars  (  us$ 110 . 6 million  )  .  
 mercury  attributed  the loss  to  rapid prepayments  of  loans  and  costs  incurred in refinancing  many house loans   this past spring  and  summer   ,  when   interest  rates  dipped  .  
 james river   ,   a maker  of  pulp   ,   paper  and  plastic products   ,  already has   interests   in  tissue businesses  in  france   ,   spain   ,   italy  and  turkey   .  
 comments  by  john major   ,   who  has succeeded  mr .  lawson   ,  also failed to damp  market concern   ,  despite  his pledge  to maintain relatively  high british  interest  rates   .  
 according to  one london-based analyst   ,  even  higher  interest  rates  wo n ' t help  the pound  if  britain  ' s government  continues to appear  unstable   .  
 rockefeller group  agreed to sell  a 51 %  interest   to  mitsubishi estate   ,   a major japanese developer  and  property owner   ,  for  $ 846 million   .  
 cray research  will retain  a 10 %  interest   in  the new company   ,   which  will be based in  colorado springs   ,   colo   .  
 bio-technology   ,   a new york maker  of genetically engineered  products  for  human  and  animal health care   ,  said  it  made  the exchange  offer to reduce  its  interest  payments   .  
 of  course these turf battles  are unseemly  ,   wasteful  and potentially dangerous and should be resolved in  the  interest   of  national security   ,  but  mr .  lehman  seems to be  part  of  the problem  rather than  part  of  the answer   .  
 mr .  corr  resigned to pursue  other business  interests    ,   the airline  said  .  
 cincinnati-based p&amp;g  took  an  interest   ;  it  ordered  two studies  on  psyllium  and  cholesterol   .  
 with   interest   in  emigration  and  investment  abroad soaring since  june 4   ,   that assumption  no longer seems so safe  .  
 net  interest  income  for  the third quarter  declined to  $ 35 . 6 million  from  $ 70 . 1 million   a year  ago  .  
 the bonds  will be issued for  a term  of  34 years  at  an  interest  rate  of  8 %   .  
 the manufacturers hanover corp .  unit   ,   which  is seeking  repayment  of  a $ 36 million loan   ,  has asked  the court  to give  its claim priority  over  that  of  minpeco   ,   which  won  a $ 132 million judgment  against  mr .  hunt   ,   his brother nelson bunker hunt  and  other defendants last year  in  a case  stemming from  their alleged attempts  to corner  the silver market  in  while claiming that  penalties   ,   legal fees  and   interest   have driven  the value  of  its claim  to  more  than  $ 250 million   ,   minpeco  has agreed to settle for  an allowed claim  of as much as  $ 65 . 7 million   .  
 automatic data  is redeeming  the bonds  because  the after-tax cost  of  the  interest   on  the bonds  is higher than  the dividend yield  on  the common   ,   a spokesman  said  .  
 one thing   ' s for  sure  :  there  have been  a ton  of  them   ,  and  greater beings  than  the editors  of  the national enquirer  have shown   interest    .  
 but more recently  ,   the pound  has been falling with  high inflation   ,   which  has also seemed almost impervious to  the high  interest   rates  mr .  lawson  deployed to stop  it   .  
 mr .  reynolds  also notes that since  british banks  have  no reserve requirements   ,   high  interest  rates  are less likely to curb  inflation  than to cause  recession   .  
 our advice  is  this  : immediately return  the government surpluses  to  the economy  through  incentive-maximizing tax  cuts  ,  and find  some monetary policy target   that  balances  both supply  and  demand  for  money  (  which   neither   aggregates  nor   interest  rates  can do )  .  
 while  mr .  roman  is  a workaholic detailsman   ,   mr .  phillips  would rather delegate  ,  leaving  him   time  for  his  interests   outside  the office   .  
 the company  ' s earnings  before   interest    ,   taxes  and  depreciation   ,   which bondholders  use  a measurement  of  the chain  ' s ability  to pay  its existing debt   ,  increased  11 %  in  fiscal 1989  to  $ 926 . 1 million  from  $ 833 . 6 million   .  
 excluding  those businesses   ,   earnings  before   interest    ,   taxes  and  depreciation  for  1988  would have been  $ 728 . 5 million   .  
 financial analysts  note that  mr .  rey  is attracted to  companies   that  are undervalued on  the basis  of  their real-estate  interests    .  
 that  means  unisys  must pay about  $ 100 million  in   interest    every quarter   ,  on  top  of  $ 27 million  in  dividends  on  preferred stock   .  
 it  said  long-term  interest  rates   ,  then above  9 %   ,  could drop to  7 %  by  the end  of  1989   ,  so  bonds   ,   which  benefit from falling  rates   ,  would be  a good buy   .  
 a good half-hour  into  breakfast  at  the palmer house   ,   mr .  o ' brien  looks up from  his plate  after  mr .  straszheim  says  something  about  people   who  believe   interest  rates  are about to nosedive  .  
  '  '   he  says  the economy   ,  and especially  the employment numbers   ,  look much better than  he  expected ;   interest  rates  have generally declined ;  inflation has n ' t  run amok  .  
 to keep  the exchange rate  pegged  ,   mr .  lawson  tightened  monetary policy  and pushed   interest  rates  up to  15 %   .  
 this  doubled  the mortgage  interest  rates  of  the many new homeowners  that  mrs .  thatcher  ' s policies  had created  ,  producing  widespread disaffection  and  pushing labor  ahead in  the polls   .  
 consequently  ,   mr .  lawson  saddled  mrs .  thatcher  with  a record trade deficit   ,  renewed  inflation  and  high  interest  rates  --  three political failures  in  a row   .  
 the most important governments  have ignored  the role  of  low tax rates  in attracting  real capital investment   ,  instead emphasizing  financial flows  in  response  to  high  interest  rates   .  
 then  ,  when  the currency  falls  ,    interest  rates  are raised to attract  financial flows  in  order  to stabilize  the exchange rate   .  
 ra  acquired  the howick coal mine oct .  20  when  it  bought  british petroleum co .   ' s australian coal  interests   for  $ 275 million   .  
 rather   ,   mr .  perlman  said  ,   control data  intends to bid for  the  coming  minnesota lottery contract  and is seeking  new applications  for  the technology  overseas  ,  where ``  there  is  great  interest   in  games  of  skill   .  
 underscoring  the size  of  the deficits  of  the past few years   ,   the treasury report  showed that for  the first time  interest   paid on  the public debt  --  $ 240 . 86 billion  -- exceeded  spending  on  social security   ,   the single largest government program   .  
 accrued   interest   on  the refund  was about  $ 18 million  as of  oct .  25   .  
 humana inc .   said  it  expects to receive about  $ 27 million  in  federal income-tax refunds  and   interest   from  a court  ruling on  a tax dispute   .  
 in  addition   ,   new york-based lin  would exercise  its right  to buy out for  $ 1 . 9 billion   the 55 % equity  interest   of  its partner   ,   metromedia co .    ,  in  a new york cellular franchise   .  
 although  he  expressed  confidence  that  the proposed new company  ' s cash flow  would be sufficient to cover   interest  payments  on  the debt   ,   he  estimated that  the company  would n ' t be profitable until  1994  or later  .  
 in  response  to  bellsouth  ' s amended pact   ,   the kirkland   ,   wash .    ,   company  extended  its own offer  to buy  22 million lin shares  for  $ 125  apiece  ,   which  would give  mccaw   a 50 . 3 % controlling  interest    .  
  '  '   under  its revised proposal   ,   atlanta-based bellsouth  would have  a 50 %  interest   in  the new cellular company  and would be responsible for  half  of  its debt   .  
 urging lin directors  to conduct ``  a fair auction  on  a level playing field   ,   '  '   mccaw  asked how well  the public  interest   would be served `` with  the bell  operating  companies  controlling over  94 %  of  all cellular  {  potential customers  } in  the nation  ' s top 10 markets   .  
 traders  said that selling  pressure was n ' t  enormous and that  the dax  dropped  friday more  on  a lack  of  any substantial buying  interest    .  
 she  could end up seeking  a fourth term  in  an economy  sick with  inflation   ,   high  interest  rates  and  a heavy trade deficit   .  
 of  immediate concern  is whether  the thatcher government  will continue  mr .  lawson  ' s policy  of tracking  the monetary policies  of  the west german bundesbank  and responding in  kind  when  the frankfurt authorities  move   interest  rates   .  
 a state trial judge  in  illinois  gave  preliminary approval  to  a proposed settlement  of  a suit  against  a bank  of  new york co .  unit   ,   irving trust co .    ,  over  the  interest  rates  on  irving  ' s former one wall street account money-market deposit accounts   .  
 the plaintiffs  accused  irving  of paying  less  interest   than promised in  a marketing brochure   .  
 and  ,  by  the end  of  that week   ,   the key federal funds  interest  rate   ,   which  is largely controlled by  the fed   ,  had settled at  8 . 75 %   ,  barely changed from  the level  of just under  9 %   that  prevailed  the previous week   .  
 and  judge newman   ,   a former patent lawyer   ,  wrote in  her dissent  when  the court  denied  a motion  for  a rehearing  of  the case  by  the full court   ,  ``  the panel  ' s judicial legislation  has affected  an important high-technological industry   ,  without  regard  to  the consequences  for  research  and  innovation  or  the public  interest    .  
 friday   ,   october 27   ,   1989    the key u . s .   and  foreign annual  interest  rates  below are  a guide  to  general levels  but do n ' t always represent  actual transactions   .  
 although  that  may sound like  an arcane maneuver  of  little  interest   outside  washington   ,   it  would set off  a political earthquake   .  
 republicans  have  as much  interest   as  democrats  in ``  the way   the system  works  ,   '  '   he  notes  .  
 the government  had fallen  $ 300 million  behind in   interest  payments   .  
 the remainder  of  the debt  will be exchanged for  new costa rican bonds  with  a 6 14 %  interest  rate   .  
 the industrial revolution  has produced  an explosion  in  the capital market   ,   which  is  a far cheaper source  of  funds  than  government-controlled banks   ,  where   interest  rates  for  prime borrowers  are around  16 %   .  
 one person  close to  the process  says  it  would not be in  the best  interest   of  cbs news  to comment on  a  ``  work  in  progress   ,   '  '  such as  the hoffman re-creation   ,  but says  cbs news  is ``  aware   '  '  of  the concerns  of  ms .  lawrenson  and  mr .  hoffman  ' s former wife   .  
 leaseway transportation corp .   said  it  will  restructure $ 192 . 5 million  of  certain subordinated debentures  to reduce  its debt obligations  and   interest  expense   .  
 but  the proposed transaction  calls for  an exchange  of  the debt  for  new debentures  of  lower face value  and reduced  cash  interest    .  
 also  ,   debt holders  would be offered  an equity position  in  leaseway   ,   which  in  total  would represent  a controlling  interest   in  the company   .  
 he  noted that for  the first time  in  months   there  was  some light investor  interest   in  the metals   .  
 in  addition   ,   the effective  interest  rate  on  the $ 410 million  of  total remaining bank debt  after  the restructuring  is  10 . 66 %   .  
 the combined effect  of  these changes  is expected to save  the company  about  $ 4 million  in   interest  expenses  next  year   ,  or  six cents   a share   .  
 because  municipal bonds yields  have risen at  a time  when   interest  rates  generally have fallen  ,   some portfolio managers  are assuming that  bonds  bought now will appreciate in  value  as  the municipal bond market rebounds   .  
 ms .  avedisian  believes that  the mutual funds  are selling  muni bonds   that  have  a negative convexity  --  those   that  have appreciated in  price  slowly relative to  the decline  in   interest  rates   .  
 we  even invited  the public  to stop by and see  the program   ,  but there was n ' t  much  interest    .  
  '  '    advertisers  are showing   interest    .  
 that   ' s because  municipal-bond  interest   is exempt from  federal income tax  -- and from  state  and  local taxes  too  ,  for  in-state investors   .  
 the idea  is to have  money  rolling over  each year  at  prevailing  interest  rates   .  
 that  makes  them   a reasonable option  for  investors   who  will accept  some risk  of  price fluctuation  in  order  to make  a bet  that   interest  rates  will decline over  the next year  or so  .  
 but  they  will have  disappointing returns  or  even losses  if   interest  rates  rise instead  .  
 if   interest  rates  do n ' t change  ,  bond  fund investors  '  returns  will be about  equal  to  the funds  '  current yields   .  
 an  interest  rate  is guaranteed for between  one  and  seven years   ,  after  which holders  get  30 days  to choose  another guarantee period  or to switch to  another insurer  ' s contract  without  the surrender charges   that  are common to  annuities   .  
 for  instance   ,   a cd-type annuity  from  north american co .   for  life  &amp;  health insurance   ,   chicago   ,  offers  8 . 8 %  interest   for  one year  or  a 9 % rate  for  two years   .  
 with  average maturities  of  a month  or so  ,   money funds  offer fixed  share prices  and  floating returns  that  track market  interest  rates   ,  with  a slight lag   .  
 to say that  the pentagon  should act irresponsibly because acting responsibly will provoke  congress  into acting irresponsibly leads to  the conclusion  that  the pentagon  should deliberately exaggerate  its needs  in  the national  interest   ; in  other words   ,  that  it  is justified in committing  a crime  -- lying to  congress  -- because  it  is morally superior  .  
 strategy  is not  a separate event  in  an idealized sequence  of  discrete events  ;  it  is  a way  of  thinking   that  neutralizes  threats  to  our  interests   in  a manner  consistent with  our financial   ,   cultural  and  physical limitations   .  
 while  wall street  ' s tough times  and  lower u . s .   interest  rates  continue to undermine  the dollar   ,   weakness  in  the pound  and  the yen  is expected to offset  those factors   .  
 with  the stock market  wobbly and  dollar buyers  discouraged by  signs  of  u . s .  economic weakness  and  the recent decline  in  u . s .   interest  rates   that  has diminished  the attractiveness  of  dollar-denominated investments   ,   traders  say  the dollar  is still in  a precarious position   .  
 he  was succeeded by  john major   ,   who friday  expressed  a desire  for  a firm pound  and supported  the  relatively  high british  interest  rates  that  he  said `` are working exactly as intended  '  '  in  reducing inflation   .  
 pound concerns  aside  ,   the lack  of  strong buying  interest   in  the yen  is  another boon  for  the dollar   ,   many traders  say  .  
 the yen  ' s softness   ,   she  says  ,  apparently stems from  japanese investors  '   interest   in buying  dollars  against  the yen  to purchase  u . s .  bond issues  and  persistent worries  about  this year  ' s upheaval  in  the japanese government   .  
 giant  has   interests   in  cement  making and  newsprint   .  
 the redemption price  will be  109 . 66 %  of  the principal amount  of  the bonds   ,  plus accrued   interest   to  the date  of  redemption   .  
 colony banks  have  a major stake  in how   interest  rates  move because of  their enormous hong kong-dollar exposure   .  
 even though  the currency  is pegged to  the u . s .  dollar   ,  with  a fixed exchange rate  of  hk$ 7 . 8  to  the american currency   ,   the u . s .   and  hong kong economies  do n ' t always move in  lock step   ,  making  it  difficult to predict where   interest  rates  in  the colony  will go  .  
 unocal corp .   ' s decision  to put  its norwegian oil  and  gas  interests   up for  sale  earlier  this week  is  another step  in  the company  ' s strategic review  of  its properties   ,  and shows that  few  of  them  are  sacred cows   .  
 in  addition  to  an 18 % stake  in  the veslefrikk offshore field   ,   the norwegian unit  has   interests   ranging from  10 %  to  25 %  in  three other norwegian oil  and  gas production licenses   .  
  interest   during  first year  paid semiannually at  7 . 51 %   .  
 thereafter  ,    interest   paid annually at  7 . 65 %   .  
 the issue   ,  formally titled  mnb home equity loan asset backed certificates   ,   series 1989   ,  will represent   interest   in  a trust fund  of  home equity revolving credit line loans  originated by  the retail finance division  of  maryland national bank  and secured primarily by  second deeds  of  trust  or  second mortgages  on  single  to  four-family residential properties   .  
 mitchell  will get  a half  interest   in  the oil   .  
 such an offer  could torpedo  a plan  by  lion nathan ltd .   of  new zealand  to acquire  half the brewing  interests    .  
 )   washington   that  the motivation  for  the two-year reduction  to  19 . 6 %  is budgetary does not mean  it  is not in  the public  interest    .  
 the fasb rule  will cover  such financial instruments  as   interest  rate swaps   ,   financial guarantees   ,  foward  *interest rate contracts   ,   loan contracts   ,   loan commitments  and  options  written on  securites  held  .  
 we  read with   interest  robert tomsho  ' s sept .  28 page-one article  on  robert redford  (  `` the sundance kid gets little respect  around  sundance   '  '  )  .  
 your  interest   is not taken to  heart  because  people  only care about  your performance  '  '  .   --  freshman basketball player   .  
 so  mr .  kahn  says  high priority  is being given to creating  a computerized matchmaking service  `` where instead of being matched for  eye color   ,   you  could be matched for  similar intellectual  interests    .  
 at  the same time   ,  moves toward  tighter air-quality standards  are spurring   interest   in  lighter  or  alternative fuels   that  do n ' t pollute as much as  fuel  refined from ``  heavy   '  '   crudes   ,  generally high in  sulfur   .  
 junk-fund holders  have barely broken even  this year   ,  as  fat  interest  payments  barely managed to offset declining  prices   .  
 unless mr .  lawson  ' s resignation  leads to  a change  in  british *interest-rate policy  --  mrs .  thatcher  ' s administration  firmly supports  high  interest  rates  to keep  inflation  in  check  -- or posturing toward  full inclusion  in  the european monetary system  ' s exchange-rate mechanism   ,   mr .  lawson  ' s withdrawal  will have  little long-term impact  on  exchange rates   ,   mr .  chandross  concluded  .  
 as  a result  of  the  refinancing  ,   the company  said  the  interest   on  the debt  will fall to slightly more than  11 %  from slightly more than  14 %   .  
 at  15 %   ,   base  interest  rates  are  the highest  in  eight years   ,  and  the 7 . 6 % annual inflation rate  is by far  the highest  in  the european community   .  
 he  was convicted of  charging  interest  rates  much higher than  what   the law  permitted  ,  and attempting to evade  income taxes  by using  a double accounting system   .  
 but  the  interest  rates they  charge are often near  japan  ' s 54 . 75 % legal limit   ,  says  kenji utsunomiya   ,   a lawyer  specializing in  loan troubles   .  
 at  a news conference   ,   mr .  fournier  accused  paribas  of planning to pay for  the takeover  by selling  parts  of  the company   ,   whose  interests   include  insurance   ,  banking  ,   tuna canning   ,   sugar  and  orange juice   .  
 the debt reduction  is expected to save  the fort lauderdale   ,   fla .  home video concern  about  $ 2 million   a year  in   interest  expense   .  
 the zero-coupon  subordinated  notes  have  no periodic  interest  payments   .  
 eiji nakazato   ,   a takashimaya general manager   ,  admits that  his company  ' s image  is similar to  saks  ' s  and that  there  is  some  interest   in  the idea   .  
 that  is  another small encouragement  for  the federal reserve  to lower   interest  rates  in coming  weeks   ,   they  reasoned  .  
 the loans  will be at  variable  interest  rates   ,  currently  7 . 74 %   a year   .  
 the company  also said  it  would n ' t make  the semiannual  interest  payment  on  its $ 40 million  of  7 % convertible subordinated debentures  by  the nov .  1 due date  or within  the grace period   .  
 the stock market  has had  a heightened concern  about  turmoil  with  high-risk financing  ever since  campeau corp .   nearly missed  an  interest  payment  on  its junk bonds  in  september   .  
 the commission  said  coats  must first dispose of  its  interest   in  britain  ' s domestic sewing thread industry  and  its shares  in  the gutermann group   .  
 thursday   ,   october 26   ,   1989    the key u . s .   and  foreign annual  interest  rates  below are  a guide  to  general levels  but do n ' t always represent  actual transactions   .  
 the year-earlier quarter  included  a one-time after-tax gain  of  $ 223 . 4 million  from  the sale  of   interests   in  its computerized reservations partnership   ,   covia   .  
 for  the nine months   ,   net income  fell  71 %  to  $ 317 . 3 million   ,  or  $ 14 . 66   a share   ,  from  $ 1 . 1 billion   ,  or  $ 34 . 35   a share   ,   which  includes  the gain  from  the sale  of  covia  interests    .  
 that property  was donated to  goodwill  by  artra group inc .    ,   a northbrook   ,   ill .    ,   company  with   interests   in  fashion jewelry  and  accessories   .  
 but  the document  -- featuring  a passel  of  new details  -- is sure to revive   interest   in  the matter  on  capitol hill   ,  where  lawmakers   this week  are deciding on  appropriations  for  northrop  ' s most important pentagon program   ,   the b-2 stealth bomber   .  
 the company  is asking  the international chamber  of  commerce  to order  asia culture travel  and  its associates  to return  the $ 6 , 250 , 000   ,  plus   interest   `` at  the highest lawful rate   .  
 karl von der heyden   ,   chief financial officer   ,  said  he  is talking with  bankers  about refinancing between  $ 2 . 5 billion  and  $ 3 billion  of  rjr loans  at  lower  interest  rates   ,  possibly securing  the refinanced debt  with  some  of  rjr  ' s assets   .  
 ``  there  would have to be  some cataclysmic event  for  us  not to bring  our  interest  rate  down  .  
 and although  the company  apparently is meeting  its cash-interest payments  with  ease   ,   the clock  is ticking on  its non-cash notes  -- to  the tune  of about  $ 1 . 4 billion  of  accrued  interest    this year   ,  with  the amounts  expected to rise to about  $ 2 . 3 billion  in  1993   .  
 some time  before  april 1991   ,   rjr  must fix  the  interest   rates on  $ 5 . 8 billion worth  of  pik bonds  so  the notes trade  at  par   ,  in  accordance  with  the bonds  '  terms   .  
 that  means if  the notes  continue trading below  their $ 100 par value  --  they  are now trading below  $ 80  ( excluding  accrued  interest   ) --  rjr  must boost  the bonds  '  *interest  rates as high as necessary to drive  their market price  to  $ 100   .  
 that  means if  the notes  continue trading below  their $ 100 par value  --  they  are now trading below  $ 80  ( excluding  accrued *interest  ) --  rjr  must boost  the bonds  '   interest   rates as high as necessary to drive  their market price  to  $ 100   .  
 that  could require fixing  the  interest  rate  as high as  20 %   ,   bankers  say  ,  especially if  the junk-bond market  remains  weak  or deteriorates further  .  
 the bonds  will continue to accrue   interest   in  paper  until  the mid-1990s  to late  1990s   .  
 and that  ,  of  course   ,  will depend on just how  high rjr  is forced to fix  the  interest  rate  to get  the bonds  trading up to  par   .  
 brunswick  also has   interests   in  defense  and  aerospace products   .  
 market analysts  said that continued  declines  and  volatility  in  the stock market  contributed generally to  enhanced investor  interest   in  precious metals   ,  but that  the british political news  was  the main factor  boosting  prices  :  chancellor  of  the exchequer nigel lawson  resigned  .  
 but  he  also noted that if  uncertainty  continues in  the stock market   ,   that  might create  some investor  interest   in  precious metals   .  
 that  interest   has been lacking for  a long time   ,   he  said  .  
 bert ruiz   ,   soft commodity specialist  at  balfour   ,   maclaine futures inc .    ,  said that  all week   he  has seen increasing  open  interest   and  declining prices  --  an almost certain sign  that  additional selling  of  contracts  is taking  place   .  
 open  interest   is  the number  of  outstanding contracts   that  remain to be settled either by  an opposite trade  or  delivery   .  
 costa rica  also would be able to pay  overdue  interest   on  its still-outstanding loans  at ``  more favorable terms   '  '  than  regular debtors   ,   other u . s .  bankers  said  .  
 these  pooled  investments  in  trusts   ,   which  drew  income  from  owned properties  or from   interest   on  mortgages   ,  were hit by  the real estate doldrums  of  that year   .  
 overbuilding  ,   inflation   ,   high  interest   and  materials costs   ,   mortgage defaults  and  some questionable lending practices  combined to hurt  reits   .  
 mr .  osborne  said  maclean hunter holdings ltd .    ,  owned by  certain directors  and  subsidiaries  of  maclean hunter   ,  has  a voting  interest   of about  20 %  in  the company  ;  no other holder  has as much as  10 %   .  
 mr .  lawson  carefully watched  exchange rates  and stood ready to increase  u . k .   interest  rates  when  the pound  slid too sharply against  the dollar  or  the mark   .  
 republicans  would defer  the tax break  : save  $ 2 , 000   ,  and  you   ' ll escape  taxes  on  all the  interest    that sum  earns over  the years  till  you  retire  .  
 balances  in  ira  and  keogh accounts  (  retirement accounts  for  the self-employed  )  ,   which  had swelled by  $ 75 billion  in  1986   ,  grew by only  $ 48 billion  in  1988   ,  including   interest   on  past contributions   .  
 but at  retirement 25 years  later  ,   the entire $ 4 , 773  in   interest   could be withdrawn  taxfree   ,  along with  the  already taxed  $ 2 , 000 initial contribution   .  
 on  the other hand   ,   the case  for  delayed gratification  is bolstered by  evidence  that  a surprising number  of  upper-income americans  still are putting  money  in  iras  even though  the only tax break  is deferring  tax  on  the  interest    the contributions  earn  .  
 but allowing  the  interest  buildup  on  those contributions  to escape  taxation  would cost  the treasury  far more than  that sum  in  the long run   ,   the congressional budget office  says  .  
 credit lyonnais  reported  1988 consolidated profit  of  2 . 06 billion francs  after  payments  to  minority  interests    .  
 until yesterday  ,   institutional investors  had showed  little  interest   in buying  the securities   .  
 strips  are created by separating  the  interest  payment portion  of  the bond  from  the principal portion   ,  called  the corpus   .  
 zero-coupon securities  pay  no  interest   until  maturity   ,  with  the return  to  investors  consisting primarily of  the bond discount   .  
 one basis  for  linking change  in  the east  and  change  in  the west  is  the notion  that integrating  110 million eastern europeans  with  320 million western europeans  is primarily  the task  of  europeans   ,  despite  the u . s .   ' s obvious strategic  and  economic  interest    .  
  '  '    he  adds that with  communism  collapsing and  mr .  gorbachev  scrambling to rejuvenate  the soviet economy   ,  ``  our  interest   lies in  a controlled transformation   ,   a contained nuclear reaction   ,  so  we  need to help  him   ,  and not just with  words   .  
 like  most treasury secretaries   ,   mr .  brady  takes  a keen  interest   in  monetary matters   ,  of  course   .  
 he  was  ,  in  fact   ,  taking  an  especially  keen  interest   in  board matters  even before  he  went to  the treasury   .  
 in  recent weeks   ,  moreover  ,   mr .  brady  has joined  other administration officials  in trying to urge  the fed  toward  lower  interest  rates   .  
 the fed  has let   interest  rates  slip slightly  ,  but whether  the main reason  was  dollar intervention   ,   the gloomy reports  on  manufacturing employment   ,  or  the friday 13 market drop   ,  only  mr .  greenspan  and  his associates  know  .  
 mca  holds  half  of  cineplex  ' s equity  and  33 %  of  its voting rights  through  restricted voting shares   ,  while  bronfman  interests   hold about  24 %  of  the company  ' s equity   .  
  '  '  in  such circumstances   ,   free-speech  interests   outweighed  the *interests  of  the copyright owner   .  
  '  '  in  such circumstances   ,   free-speech *interests  outweighed  the  interests   of  the copyright owner   .  
 in  a decision  in  april  of  this year   ,   judge roger miner   ,  joined by  judge frank altimari   ,  agreed on denying  the injunction  and did not  doubt  that ``  bare-faced messiah   '  '  was  a serious work  but rejected  judge leval  ' s argument  that  the public  interest   in  scholarship  could outweigh  the sanctity  of  copyright   .  
  '  '    decisions  by  the second circuit itself   ,   judge oakes  continued  ,  had recognized that  public  interest   in  the subject matter  and  the indispensability  in  particular cases  of  verbatim quotations  are  vital components  of  fair use   .  
 yet  a bill  tailored to  the  interests   of  a single individual  passed  congress  with  almost unimaginable speed   ,  before  the judicial process  had run  its course   ,  and  ,  indeed  ,  while  the morgan case  was awaiting  a ruling  by  the appellate court   .  
 gm class h   ,   which  represents  a dividend  interest   in  hughes earnings   ,  closed at  $ 29   ,  up  25 cents  in  big board composite  trading  .  
 gm class e   ,   which  represents  a dividend  interest   in  eds profit   ,  fell  75 cents  to  $ 52 . 25  on  the big board   .  
 all  of  the bidders  contemplate  full payment including  interest   to  secured creditors   .  
 geoffrey kalmus   ,   counsel  to  the official creditors committee   ,  said that under  the united illuminating plan   ,   unsecured creditors  would be paid in  full credits  and   interest   of about  $ 855 million   ,  accrued before  ps  of  new hampshire  ' s jan .  1988  filing for  bankruptcy court protection   .  
 in  addition   ,   they  would receive  some $ 200 million  in  payments  for   interest   since then  .  
 mr .  kalmus  said that by  next july they  would have accrued  unpaid  interest   equal to  $ 350 million   .  
 other plans  generally would n ' t pay  unsecured creditors  '   interest   accrued since  the filing   .  
 though obscure to  most investors   ,   the question  of whether to list  options  on more than  one exchange  has aroused  much  interest   in  congress   ,  mainly because  regional exchanges  fear  the change  could bankrupt  them   .  
 the two-stroke engine displays  by  toyota  and  fuji heavy industries   ,   the maker  of  subaru cars   ,  drew plenty of   interest   from  u . s .  auto executives   ,   who  are rushing to develop  two-stroke engines   .  
 but  the fed  is n ' t enthusiastic about  treasury efforts  to bring down  the value  of  the dollar  through  intervention  in  foreign-exchange markets   ,  and  the treasury  is frustrated at  the fed  ' s reluctance  to cut   interest  rates  to pull down  the dollar  ' s value   .  
 many analysts  are expecting  the fed  to lower   interest  rates  at  least  once more before  the end  of  the year   .  
 the amount  covers  taxes   ,    interest   and  penalties  owed from  1966   ,  when  the state  began collecting  corporate taxes   ,  to  1985   .  
 short  interest   in  international mobile machines corp .   fell to  3 , 102 , 935 shares  in  the month  ended  oct .  13  from  3 , 420 , 936  in  september   .  
 ( see : ``  short  interest   in  otc stocks posts 6 % jump  --  rise  during  latest period  is  sharpest  since  april  ;  oct .  13 drop is n ' t factor   '  '  --  wsj oct .  25   ,   1989   .  
 `` with  the decline  in  stock prices  and continued  low  or  stable  interest  rates   ,   stocks  are representing  a better value   all the time   ,   '  '   renaissance president frank w .  terrizzi  said yesterday  .  
 on  top  of  this   ,   the traveler   who  converts  his dollars  into  foreign currency  before  the trip starts  will lose   interest   from  the day  of  conversion   .  
 in  the meantime   ,   the money  can continue to earn   interest   for  the card holder  -- often more than  1 %  during  that  ``  float   '  '   period  alone  .  
 ``  lower yields  are just reflecting  lower short-term  interest  rates   ,   '  '  said  brenda malizia negus   ,   editor  of  money fund report   .  
 money funds  invest in  such things  as  short-term treasury securities   ,   commercial paper  and  certificates  of  deposit   ,   all  of  which  have been posting  lower  interest  rates  since  last spring   .  
 average maturity  was as short as  29 days  at  the start  of  this year   ,  when  short-term  interest  rates  were moving steadily upward  .  
 that   ' s worse than  the price drop  sustained by  the bonds  in  its portfolio   ,   whose total return  (  bond-price changes  plus   interest   ) has amounted to  a negative 6 . 08 %   .  
 carl ericson   ,   who  runs  the colonial intermediate high income fund   ,  says  the fund  ' s 25 % leverage  has jacked up  its  interest  income   .  
 i  read  the exerpts  of  wayne angell  ' s exchange  with  a gosbank representative  (  `` put   the soviet economy  on  golden rails   ,   '  '   editorial page   ,   oct .  5  ) with  great  interest    ,  since  the gold standard  is  one  of  my areas  of  research   .  
 wednesday   ,   october 25   ,   1989    the key u . s .   and  foreign annual  interest  rates  below are  a guide  to  general levels  but do n ' t always represent  actual transactions   .  
 democrats  asked in  this week  for  discussions  with  president bush  have suggested  ways  of `` tinkering  '  '  with  the packwood-roth proposal   ,  suggesting  an  interest   in looking for  a modified version   they  can back  ,   one official  said  .  
 net income  includes  an extraordinary gain  of about  $ 100 , 000  from  the reversal  of  bad debt  and   interest  income   .  
 it  also would defer   interest   and  principal  on  junk bonds   that  have fallen due ;  the grace period  for paying  the bill  expires  nov .  16   .  
 at  the same time   ,   investors  estimate  the restructuring  would cut  the company  ' s annual cash  interest  bill  from about  $ 90 million  to  $ 85 million   .  
 yet to pay  that  interest  bill   ,   analysts  say  sci tv  will only produce about  $ 80 million  to  $ 90 million  of  cash  flow  a year   .  
  '  '    kemper  also blasted  the big board  for ignoring  the  interests   of  individual  and  institutional holders   .  
 the notes  are  zero-coupon securities  and will not pay   interest   periodically  .  
 michigan  --  $ 80 million  of  first general obligation bonds  (  series 1989 environmental protection program  and  recreation program  )  ,  tentatively priced by  a shearson lehman hutton group  to yield from  6 %  for  current  interest  bonds due 1990  to  7 . 25 %  for  convertible capital appreciation bonds   .  
 environmental protection program current  interest  bonds  are due  1995-1999   ,   2005  and  2009   .  
 recreation program current  interest  bonds  are due  1990-1995   ,  and are priced to yield from  6 %  in  1990  to  6 . 45 %  in  1995   .  
 national intergroup  is negotiating for  the sale  of  its 50 %  interest   in  national steel  to concentrate more fully on  drug distribution operations   .  
 allied-signal  is  a unit  of  allied-signal inc .    ,   a manufacturer  with   interests   in  aerospace   ,   automotive products  and engineered  materials   .  
 outside  what  essentially amounted to  a bookkeeping exercise   ,   dealers  said  london dealings  were largely dulled by  the absence  of  active  interest   beyond  the market-makers   .  
 the remainder  is held by  the public  and by  family  interests    ,   a spokeswoman  for  the french group  said  .  
 already  ,   many  of  the big board  ' s own floor traders  are warning that  the esp baskets  are risky and not in  the best  interests   of  the investing public   .  
 the ratings concern  said  the acquisition  should result in  pretax losses  from  operations  because of  increases  in   interest  expense  and  charges  for  depreciation  and  amortization   ,  but that  it  expects  the losses  to be reduced through  productivity gains  and  above average growth  of  the company  ' s hospitals   .  
 the french unit  of  ferruzzi agricola finanziaria  also disclosed  a 40 % rise  in  its consolidated net profit  for  the first   half  of  1989   ,  excluding  nonrecurring items  and after  payments  to  minority  interests    .  
 this  will include  the sale  of  its  interest   in  the joint venture beghin corbehem  to  feldemuehle ag   .  
 and in  a separate transaction   ,   beghin-say  will sell  its  remaining  25 %  interest   in  a . t . b .    ,   a holding company  for  international trading assets   ,  to  an unspecified unit  of  ferruzzi  for  258 million francs   .  
 many japanese companies  expect  record profits   this fiscal year   ,  and  japanese  interest  rates   ,  though up  a bit  recently  ,  are still low  .  
 a spokeswoman  said  toronto-based campeau  has received ``  expressions  of   interest    '  '  in  bloomingdale  ' s   ,  but  she  declined to comment on whether  any actual bids  had been made  .  
 the tw prospectus  says that if  the acquisition  had been completed earlier  ,   pretax earnings  `` would have been insufficient to cover  its fixed charges   ,  including   interest   on  debt securities   ,   '  '  by approximately  $ 62 . 7 million  in  the first six months  of  1989   .  
 its calculations  for  meeting cash charges  ignore  $ 52 million   a year  in   interest   on  cash-deferred   ,  or  zero-coupon debentures  --  which  ultimately would have had to be paid  .  
 cbs  may cushion  losses  with about  $ 200 million   a year  in   interest   earned on  the proceeds  from selling  cbs records  and  other businesses   .  
 the first meeting yesterday  was with  10 senate democrats   who  have expressed  an  interest   in cutting  the tax   .  
 the average  interest  rate  rose to  8 . 337 %  at  citicorp  ' s $ 50 million weekly auction  of  91-day commercial paper   ,  or  corporate ious   ,  from  8 . 292 %  at  last week  ' s sale   .  
 in  addition  to  insurance  and  finance   ,   itt  has   interests   in  electronic parts   ,   defense technology   ,   automotive parts   ,   fluid technology   ,   pulp  and  timber   ,  and  communications  and  information services   .  
 amoco   ,   an energy concern   ,  is  the operator  of  the project  with  a 43 . 75 % working  interest    ,  and  other partners  include  hydro congo   ,   the congolese state oil company   ,  with  a 50 % *interest   ,  and  kuwait foreign petroleum exploration co .   with  a 6 . 25 % stake   .  
 amoco   ,   an energy concern   ,  is  the operator  of  the project  with  a 43 . 75 % working *interest   ,  and  other partners  include  hydro congo   ,   the congolese state oil company   ,  with  a 50 %  interest    ,  and  kuwait foreign petroleum exploration co .   with  a 6 . 25 % stake   .  
 the french water treatment group  said  consolidated net profit  after  payments  to  minority  interests   rose to  749 million francs  (  us$ 119 . 2 million  ) from  575 million francs  in  the first   half  of  1988   .  
 boston co .    ,   the upper-crust financial services concern   that  was rocked by  a management scandal late last year   ,  has had  a sharp drop  in  profitability  -- mainly because  a high-risk bet  on   interest  rates  backfired  .  
 moreover  ,   the number  of  people   who  spontaneously cited  lower prices  as  the reason  for  their  interest   in  sears  declined to  16 %  in  september  from  33 %  in  march   .  
 in  addition   ,   mrs .  lidgerwood  said  ,   norfolk  is likely to draw down  its cash  initially to finance  the purchases  and thus forfeit  some  interest  income   .  
 tuesday   ,   october 24   ,   1989    the key u . s .   and  foreign annual  interest  rates  below are  a guide  to  general levels  but do n ' t always represent  actual transactions   .  
 one party  could stand for  consumer  interests    ,   small government   ,   free trade  and  globalism  to put  japan  clearly among  the most  developed and  open countries   .  
 if  the irs  seeks  late-payment  interest   because of  the lost check   ,   you  should request  *interest abatement   ,   publisher prentice hall notes   .  
 if  the irs  seeks  late-payment *interest  because of  the lost check   ,   you  should request   interest  abatement   ,   publisher prentice hall notes   .  
 as  you  can guess  ,   the blandings  want to deduct  home-mortgage  interest   on  the $ 200 , 000 loan   .  
 thus  ,   the irs  says  ,   the blandings  '  $ 200 , 000 loan  is  home-acquisition debt   ,  and   interest   on  it  is fully deductible  .  
 seattle  ' s license fees  for  adult peep shows  vary from  those  for  other coin-operated amusements  without serving  a substantial government  interest   and are unconstitutional  ,   the ninth-circuit appeals court  holds for  acorn investments inc   .  
 blue-chip advertisers  have  plenty  of  complaints  about  the magazines they  advertise in  ,  ranging from  inadequate consumer research  to  ad  ``  clutter   '  '  and  a  seemingly  unchecked proliferation  of  special  interest  magazines   .  
 leonard lauder   ,   president  and  chief executive officer  of  estee lauder   ,  said  consumer magazines  are suffering from  what   he  called ``  niche-itis , `` the increasing number  of  magazines   that  target  the idosyncratic  interests   of  readers   .  
 the level  of   interest   in  the rtc  ' s properties  has been greater than expected  ,  and has come from  larger companies  than initially anticipated  ,  says  stan ross   ,   leventhal  ' s co-managing partner   .  
 although  a finnish group  has  a minority  interest   in  an  already operating  moscow hotel   ,   the sheraton-pan   am   venture  will be  the first joint-venture hotels  in  the soviet union  to have as much as  50 % foreign ownership   .  
 high default rates   ,   a low  interest  rate   ,  and  government coverage  of  all *interest costs  while  the student  is in  school  make  program costs  extremely high  .  
 high default rates   ,   a low *interest rate   ,  and  government coverage  of  all  interest  costs  while  the student  is in  school  make  program costs  extremely high  .  
 while  the student  was in  school   ,    interest  costs  would either be paid by  the student  or added to  the loan balance   .  
 far from promoting  a commonality  of   interests   among  black   ,   white   ,   hispanic  and  other minority voters   ,  drawing  the district lines  according to race suggests  that race  is  the voter  ' s  and  the candidate   ' s  most important trait   .  
 madison  explained that  a representative  ' s duty  was to speak not for  the narrow  interests   of  one group  but instead for  the common good   .  
 large   ,   heterogeneous election districts  would encourage  good government   ,  said  madison   ,  because  a representative  would be compelled to serve  the  interests   of  all his constituents  and be servile to  none   .  
 as long as  we  believe that  all americans   ,  of  every race  and  ethnic background   ,  have  common  interests   and can live together cooperatively  ,   our political map  should reflect  our belief   .  
 short  interest   in  nasdaq over-the-counter stocks  rose  6 %  as of  mid-october   ,   its biggest jump  since  6 . 3 % last april   .  
 the most recent otc short  interest  statistics  were compiled  oct .  13   ,   the day   the nasdaq composite index  slid  3 %  and  the new york stock exchange  tumbled  7 %   .  
 however  ,   the short  interest  figures  reported by  brokerage  and  securities  clearing  firms  to  the national association  of  securities dealers  include only  those trades  completed  ,  or settled  ,  by  oct .  13   ,  rather than  trades   that  occurred on  that day   ,  according to  gene finn   ,   chief economist  for  the nasd   .  
 the total short  interest   in  nasdaq stocks  as of  mid-october  was  237 . 1 million shares   ,  up from  223 . 7 million  in  september  but well below  the record level  of  279 million shares  established in  july 1987   .  
 the sharp rise  in  otc short  interest   compares with  the 4 . 2 % decline  in  short *interest  on  the new york stock exchange  and  the 3 % rise  on  the american stock exchange  during  the september-october period   .  
 short  interest    ,   which  represents  the number  of  shares  borrowed and sold  ,  but not yet replaced  ,  can be  a bad-expectations barometer  for  many stocks   .  
 among  2 , 412  of  the largest otc issues   ,   short  interest   rose to  196 . 8 million shares   ,  from  185 . 7 million  in  2 , 379 stocks  in  september   .  
 big stocks  with  large short  interest  gains  as of  oct .  13  included  first executive   ,   intel   ,   campeau  and  lin broadcasting   .  
 short  interest   in  first executive   ,   an insurance issue   ,  rose  55 %  to  3 . 8 million   .  
 intel  ' s short  interest   jumped  42 %   ,  while  campeau  ' s increased 62 %   .  
 meritor savings  again had  the dubious honor  of being  the otc stock  with  the biggest short  interest  position  on  nasdaq   .  
 in  addition   ,   changes  in  short  interest   in  some stocks  may be caused by  arbitrage   .  
 two big stocks  involved in  takeover activity  saw  their short  interest  surge   .  
 short  interest   in  the american depositary receipts  of  jaguar   ,   the target  of  both ford motor  and  general motors   ,  more than doubled  .  
 nasdaq stocks   that  showed  a drop  in  short  interest   included  adobe systems   ,   class   a shares  of  tele-communications  and  takeover targets lyphomed  and  jerrico   .  
 the nasd   ,   which  operates  the nasdaq computer system  on  which   5 , 200 otc issues trade   ,  compiles  short  interest  data  in  two categories  :  the  approximately  two-thirds   ,  and generally  biggest   ,   nasdaq stocks   that  trade on  the national market system  ; and  the one-third   ,  and generally  smaller   ,   nasdaq stocks   that  are n ' t  a part  of  the system   .  
 short  interest   in  1 , 327 non-nms securities  totaled  40 . 3 million shares   ,  compared with almost  38 million shares  in  1 , 310 issues  in  september   .  
 the october short  interest   represents  1 . 04 days  of  average daily trading volume  in  the smaller stocks  in  the system  for  the reporting period   ,  compared with  0 . 94 day   a month  ago  .  
 the adjacent tables  show  the issues  in  which   a short  interest  position  of at  least 50 , 000 shares  existed as of  oct .  13  or in  which there  was  a short position change  of at  least 25 , 000 shares  since  sept .  15  ( see accompanying  tables  --  wsj oct .  25   ,   1989  )  .  
 secured  creditors  would recover  both principal  and   interest    ,  while  unsecured creditors  would receive  only principal  and  *interest  accrued before  ps  of  new hampshire  filed for  bankruptcy code protection  in  january    the biggest change  in  northeast  ' s offer  was in  improvements  made for  equity holders   who  had been given  short shrift  previously  .  
 a slowing economy  and  the implication  of  lower inflation  and   interest  rates  tend to bolster  bond prices   .  
  '  '     interest   picks up  ,  though  ,  when  mr .  gould  gets around to discussing  the meaning  of  the burgess oddities  for  the theory  of  evolution   .  
 these  consist of  current  interest  bonds due 1990-2002   ,   2010  and  2015   ,  and  capital appreciation bonds due 2003  and  2004   ,  tentatively priced to yield from  5 . 75 %  in  1990  to  7 . 14 %  in  2010   .  
 west virginia parkways   ,   economic development  and  tourism authority  --  $ 143 million  of  parkway revenue bonds   ,   series 1989   ,  with  current  interest  bonds due 1990-2002  and  2019  and  capital appreciation bonds due 2003-2008   ,  tentatively priced by  a painewebber inc .  group  to yield from  6 %  in  1990  to  7 . 31 %  in  2019   .  
 current  interest  serial bonds  are tentatively priced to yield to  7 . 05 %  in  2002   .  
  interest  rates  generally began declining  last spring  after moving steadily upward for more than  a year   .  
 so-called jumbo cds   ,  typically in  denominations  of  $ 90 , 000  and up  ,  also usually follow  t-bills  and   interest  rate trends  in  general more  than  those  aimed at  small investors   .  
 mr .  miller  repeated that in  the next six months   he  plans to sell  another $ 200 million  to  $ 300 million  of  assets  to repay  debt  and reduce   interest  costs  at  wang   ,   a minincomputer maker  in  lowell   ,   mass   .  
 as  a result   ,   prime minister margaret thatcher  ' s government  is n ' t currently expected to ease   interest  rates  before  next spring   ,  if then  .  
 strong profit  in  the process industries   ,  including  chemical  and  pulp  and  paper   ,  were offset by  higher  interest  expense  and by  lower earnings  as  the company  closed out  certain long-term contracts   .  
 net  in  the latest quarter  included  a pretax gain  of  $ 22 . 4 million  from  the sale  of  combustion  ' s minority  interest   in  stein industrie  to  gec alsthom n . v .   of  the netherlands   .  
 the trade  and  cbi reports  refocused  attention  on  high  interest  rates  and  corporate profitability  and helped rekindle underlying  concerns  over  prospects  for  a recession  in  the u . k .    ,   dealers  said  .  
 market watchers  also noted  an absence  of  institutional  interest   later in  the session  helped pave  the way  for  broader declines  when  wall street  opened  weaker   .  
 they  added that  market-makers  were knocking  share prices  down in  midafternoon  in  a bid  to attract  some  interest    ,  but  the action  largely helped  open the way  for  london  ' s late declines   .  
 insurance stocks  provided  some early support  to  the market   ,  partly on  favorable brokerage recommendatons  and talk of  continental european  interest   in  british life  and  composite insurers   .  
 on  the other hand   ,   high-priced shares  such as  pioneer electronic  and  sony  failed to spark  investor  interest   because  these issues  are unlikely to be bought by  investment trust funds   ,   observers  said  .  
 a majority stake  in  paxus  currently held by  nzi corp .   will be diluted to slightly less than  50 %  after  ibm  acquires  its  interest    .  
 mr .  bond  blamed rising  australian  interest  rates  and  the acquisition  of  bell group  `` with  its   very high levels  of  shortterm debt   '  '  for producing  a condition  ``  that  was  no  longer sustainable  .  
  '  '    he  did n ' t  name energy resources  in  that list   ,  signaling that  all the company  ' s coal  and  oil  interests   might be for  sale  in  total  or in  part   .  
 some  of  the oil  interests   already have been sold  .  
 meanwhile  ,   sci tv  can barely pay  its cash  interest  bill   ,  and to stay out of  bankruptcy court   it  must soon  reschedule   a lot  of  bank loans  and  junk bonds   that  have fallen  due   .  
 control data corp .   said  it  is offering to purchase  the $ 154 . 2 million amount  of  its 12 34 % senior notes due june 15   ,   1991   ,  at  par   ,  plus accrued   interest   to  the dec .  8 purchase date   .  
 economists  said  the bond market  ' s strength  also is  a sign  that  investors  expect  the federal reserve  to cut   interest  rates  amid  growing evidence  that  the economy  is slowing  .  
 ``  people  are looking  past supply  to  lower  interest  rates   ,  but  they   ' re also worried about being whipsawed by  the volatility  in  the stock market   .  
 ``   interest   by  japanese investors  was limited  ,   '  '  said  michael moran   ,   chief economist  at  daiwa securities america inc   .  
  '  '   however  ,   mr .  moran  added that  the japanese  generally have  a positive view  of  the u . s .  bond market  because of  expectations  that  the dollar  will remain  strong  and   interest  rates  will decline  .  
 a small yield premium  over  comparable treasurys  and  a lack  of  liquidity  is hampering  dealers  '  efforts  to drum up   interest   in  the so-called bailout bonds   .  
 corporate issues    several blue-chip companies  tapped  the new-issue market yesterday  to take  advantage  of  falling  interest  rates   .  
 the bonds  were won by  a goldman   ,   sachs  &amp;  co .  group  with  a true  interest  cost  of  7 . 17 %   .  
 eurodollar bonds  are often issued by  foreign corporations   ,  but   interest   and  principal  are paid in  dollars   .  
 short  interest   increased  6 %  in  the nasdaq over-the-counter market  for  the month  ended  oct .  13   .  
 because of  the  interest   connected with  the issue   ,   the london exchange  took  the unusual step  of letting  traders  establish  an  officially sanctioned  when-issued market   .  
 jaguar  seems to be losing   interest   in giving  gm   a minority stake   ,  said  one individual  close to  the talks   ,  adding  ,  ``  it  would n ' t surprise  me  if {  jaguar executives  } want to wait and see  what   the color  of  that  {  ford bid  } is  '  '   first   .  
  '  '    a gm spokesman  yesterday reiterated  the company  ' s  interest   in acquiring  a minority stake  to help  jaguar  remain  independent   .  
 gm  ' s  interest   in  jaguar  reflects  a desire  to help diversify  the u . s .  company  ' s products  in  the growing luxury-car segment  of  the market   .  
 in  august   ,   asarco   ,  through  its lac d ' amiante du quebec subsidiary   ,  sold  its  remaining  one-third  interest   in  an asbestos  mining  limited partnership  in  canada  for  $ 11 . 7 million   .  
 however  ,   an olivetti spokeswoman  said  ocn-ppl   ,  of  which   olivetti  sold  the majority  interest  last year   ,  `` does n ' t make  equipment   that  has  the type  of  precision  necessary for  sophisticated productions   .  
 a sinking economy  depresses  corporate earnings  and thus  stock prices   ,  but  it  buoys  bond prices  as   interest  rates  fall  .  
 ``  corporate profits  are going to decrease faster than   interest  rates  will fall  ,  and  the probability  is that  we   ' ll see  negative economic growth  in  the fourth quarter   .  
 mr .  goldston   ,   who  had been  president  of  faberge inc .   ' s faberge u . s . a .  division  before joining  reebok  in  september 1988   ,  left in  august  to pursue  other  interests    .  
 ``  it  was  a time  when   interest  rates  came down very rapidly  ,   '  '   dr .  blumenfeld  recalls  .  
 because  the cd  had  an effective yield  of  13 . 4 %  when  it  was issued in  1984   ,  and   interest  rates  in  general  had declined sharply since then  ,   part  of  the price dr .  blumenfeld  paid was  a premium  --  an additional amount  on  top  of  the cd  ' s base value  plus accrued  *interest   that  represented  the cd  ' s increased market value   .  
 he  assumed that  principal  and   interest   were `` fully insured up to  $ 100 , 000   ,   '  '   he  adds  .  
 (  federal deposit insurance  would pay  principal  and   interest   accrued to  the date  of  liquidation   ,  to  a maximum  of  $ 100 , 000   .  
 because of  the tax consequences  of  zero-coupon investments  --  income tax  is payable in  the year  interest   is accrued  ,  although  *interest  is n ' t actually paid until  maturity  --  zero-coupon cds  are usually sold for  tax-advantaged accounts  to finance  things  like  retirement  and  children  ' s education   .  
 housing  and  urban development secretary jack kemp  called on  the federal reserve system  to lower   interest  rates   .  
 in  a speech  to  the mortgage bankers association   ,   mr .  kemp  broke  the administration  ' s public silence  on  the fed  and complained that ``   interest  rates  are too high  .  
  '  '   ``  i  am convinced that  a monetary policy  for  this country   that  would return   interest  rates  to  the historical level  of  4 %  or  5 %  would have not only  an immediate impact  on  housing starts   ,   the housing stock   ,   our industry  in  america   ,   the refurbishing  of  our industrial system   ,   it  would help  the third world economies  considerably and  it  would particularly have  a favorable impact  upon  our budget deficit   ,   '  '   mr .  kemp  said  .  
 the fed  recently eased  credit  by lowering  the bellwether federal funds  interest  rate  to  8 34 %  from about  9 %   .  
 in  addition   ,   a norfolk affiliate   ,   york capital inc .    ,  will purchase  all  of  the  interests   of  eagle  ' s secured lenders   ,   which  total  $ 11 . 5 million   ,  and guarantee as much as  $ 8 . 2 million  in  payments  to  eagle  ' s unsecured creditors   .  
 as   interest  rates  paid  depositors  were lowered  ,   thrift withdrawals  exceeded  deposits  by  $ 5 . 1 billion   ,  not including  *interest  credited to  accounts   .  
  '  '   for  the third quarter   ,  operating  profit  from  carbide  ' s chemicals  and  plastics business  fell to  $ 238 million  from  $ 352 million   a year  ago  ,  before accounting for  taxes  and   interest  expense   .  
 time warner  emphasized in  a news release  that  it  should be evaluated based on  its cash flow   ,   which   the company  defined as  earnings  before   interest    ,   taxes   ,   depreciation  and  amortization   .  
 the machinists  '  criticisms  of  the labor-management bid  and  their threats  of  a strike  unless  they  received  substantial wage  increases  this year  helped  cool banks  '   interest   in financing  the transaction   .  
 but  he  and  his chief financial officer   ,   john pope   ,  sowed  some  of  the seeds  for  the deal  ' s failure  by insisting  banks  accept  low financing fees  and   interest  rates   ,  while  they  invested in  the transaction  only  a small fraction  of  the $ 114 . 3 million   they  stood to gain from  sale  of  their ual stock  and  options   .  
 the issue  includes  current  interest  bonds due 1991-2000   ,   2009   ,   2012   ,   2014  and  2016   ,  and  capital appreciation bonds due 2001-2005   .  
 the current  interest  serial bonds  are priced to yield from  6 . 15 %  in  1991  to  7 . 10 %  in  2000   .  
  interest   on  the bonds  will be treated as  a preference item  in calculating  the federal alternative minimum tax   that  may be imposed on  certain investors   .  
 in  an economic slowdown   ,   heavy debt loads  reduce  the flexibility  of  companies  because  cash   that  would normally be used to keep  the company buoyant  must be diverted to   interest  payments   .  
 mr .  goodson   ,  in  his own statement   ,  was less upbeat  ,  saying `` unfortunately over  the past few years   ,   it  has become increasingly clear that  ralph  and  i  have  different agendas   ,   '  '  and that  he  feels `` more comfortable with  a management team   whose sole  interest   and  responsibility  is in  the goodson papers   .  
 allianz  holds  a 50 % stake  in  navigation mixte  ' s insurance  interests    ,  acquired  three weeks  ago  .  
 payment  by  allianz  for  the insurance   interests   it  has just bought will help swell  the french concern  ' s treasury  to  an estimated 11 billion francs   .  
 rockwell international corp .   bought out  ikegai corp .   ' s  interest   in  ikegai-goss   ,   a joint venture  of  the two companies  based in  tokyo   .  
 such news  is good for  bonds  because  economic weakness  sometimes causes  the federal reserve  to lower   interest  rates  in  an effort  to stimulate  the economy  and  stave  off  a recession   .  
 so far  ,   money managers  and  other bond buyers  have n ' t shown  much  interest   in  the refcorp bonds   .  
 ``  this  is  a rare case  of  a company  with  a big majority holder   which  will probably act in  the  interests   of  the minority holders   ,   '  '   one investor  says  .  
 itel  bought  a 17 % stake  in  sante fe pacific last year  and  olympia  &amp;  york  later purchased about  a 20 % stake  ;  they  would have   interests   in  the new realty company  in  line  with  their holdings  in  sante fe pacific   .  
 the note  would accrue   interest   at  the rate  of  13 . 5 %   a year   ,   which  would be payable to  the fund  after  five years   ,  according to  stephen e .  roulac   ,   a real estate consultant  working for  the fund   .  
 the purpose  of  the note  is to provide added  capital  for  the spun-off company  in  a form   that  will save  it   spending cash  on  immediate  interest  payments   ,   mr .  roulac  said  .  
 the financial-services firm   ,  struggling since  summer  to avoid  a bankruptcy-law  filing after  missing  interest  payments  on about  $ 1 billion  of  debt   ,  will retain  the right  to regain  the subsidiary   .  
 kikkoman  was up  30  to  1 , 600   ,  receiving  investor  interest   for  its land property holdings  near  tokyo   ,   a trader  said  .  
 banking  stocks  were  the major gainers monday  amid  hope  that   interest  rates  have  peaked   ,  as  deutsche bank  and  dresdner bank  added  4 marks   each  to  664 marks  (  $ 357  ) and  326 marks   ,  respectively  .  
 monday   ,   october 23   ,   1989    the key u . s .   and  foreign annual  interest  rates  below are  a guide  to  general levels  but do n ' t always represent  actual transactions   .  
  interest  income  rose  29 %  to about  $ 1 . 35 billion  from  $ 1 . 05 billion   .  
 annualized   interest  rates  on  certain investments  as reported by  the federal reserve board  on  a weekly-average basis  :   a-discounted rate   .  
 reflecting  the new-found  interest    ,  more than  140 u . s .  companies  are taking  part  in  a moscow exhibition  organized by  mr .  forrester  ' s trade group   .  
 in  the statement   ,   mr .  skase  said that on  the basis  of  current  interest  rates  in  australia   ,   the company  ' s asset sales  would reduce  *interest expense  by about  a$ 120 million   a year  in  addition  to eliminating  certain liabilities   .  
 they  were  what   he  called  an  ``  unlawful termination   '  '  by  mgmua  of  the acquisition agreement  with  qintex   ,   high australian  interest  rates   ,   a pilots  '  strike  at  australian domestic airlines   that  cut  revenue  at  the company  ' s australian  resorts and delays in completing  a sale  of  two regional tv stations  in  queensland state   .  
 in  his statement   ,   mr .  skase  said  preliminary accounts  showed that  group profit  before   interest    ,   tax  and  depreciation  `` will exceed  a$ 170 million   .  
 mr .  skase  also disclosed  a disagreement  among  directors  of  qintex australia  over  certain fees  claimed by  qintex group management services pty .    ,   a management-services concern  in  which   qintex australia executives  have  an  interest    .  
 military buyers  have shown   interest    ,   national  says  ,  because  ferroelectric chips  resist  atomic radiation   .  
 the company  said  earnings  would have increased if  it  had n ' t been actively repurchasing  its shares   ,  thus increasing  its  interest  expense  and reducing  its *interest income   .  
 the junk market   ,   which  mushroomed to  $ 200 billion  from less than  $ 2 billion  at  the start  of  the decade   ,  has been declining for  months  as  issuers  have stumbled under  the weight  of  hefty  interest  payments   .  
 campeau  developed  a cash squeeze   that  caused  it  to be tardy on  some  interest  payments  and to put  its prestigious bloomingdale  ' s department store chain  up for  sale   .  
 new canaan investments  is  a  closely held  investment partnership  with   interests   primarily in  the packaging industry   .  
 aside from  generale  de  belgique  and  asahi   ,   the syndicate  includes  antwerpsche hypotheekkas   ,   a belgian savings bank   ,  and  various family  interests    .  
 even without  bid talk   ,   this year  ' s surge  in  prices  for  brussels real estate  has excited   interest   in  ag   .  
  '  '    individuals  close to  the ford side  of  the negotiations  said  late last week  that  the no .  2 u . s .  auto maker  lost   interest   as  it  became clear that  the swedish auto maker  ' s automotive operations  had  little  to offer in  the way  of  image  or  technology   .  
 and  it  retains  an  interest   in acquiring  candies  and  other articles   that  might be sold in  tobacco shops   .  
 but  he  emphasizes that  cathay  has n ' t  any  interest   in  swapping equity stakes  with  the u . s .  carrier  or with  lufthansa   ,   the west german airline  with  which   it  has cooperated for about  a decade   .  
 friday   ,   october 20   ,   1989    the key u . s .   and  foreign annual  interest  rates  below are  a guide  to  general levels  but do n ' t always represent  actual transactions   .  
 for  each $ 1 , 000  of  notes   ,   the maker  of  specialty metals   ,   industrial fasteners  and  consumer products  will pay  $ 1 , 026 . 46  plus  $ 8 . 68  of   interest   accrued from  dec .  1   .  
 ``  it   ' s horrible to say  ,  but  it   ' s unfortunate that  earthquake was n ' t  in  phoenix  --  it  might have knocked out  some  of  our empty buildings   ,   '  '  said  c . w .  jackson   ,   a prominent arizona businessman  with   interests   in  real estate   ,  banking and  many other businesses   .  
 `` in  the next few weeks   ,   i  will be consulting with  my political advisers  and with  the democratic leaders  about  the best way  of preserving  the  interests   of  my constituents   ,   '  '  said  mr .  garcia   ,   56 years  old  .  
 but  the net  interest  bill  jumped  85 %  to  a$ 686 . 7 million  from  a$ 371 . 1 million   .  
 bond corp .   has   interests   in  brewing   ,   media  and  communications   ,   natural resources  and  property   .  
 earnings  before   interest   and  tax  from  brewing  dived  50 %  to  a$ 123 . 8 million  from  a$ 247 . 3 million   .  
 the reason  was not  high  interest  rates  or  labor costs   .  
 we  believe   interest  rates  will continue to trend  lower   ,  and  the economy  will slow around  the world   .  
 ``  people  showed  some   staying power  and  ,  in  fact   ,    interest   in buying  equities   .  
 his  interest   in  the natural environment dates  from  his youth   .  
 comsat video  will pay  $ 17 million  for  a 62 . 5 %  interest    ,  with  messrs .  lee  and  bynoe  putting up  $ 8 million  for  a 37 . 5 % stake  in  the team   .  
 the company  attributed  the decline  to  consumers  '  concern  over   interest  rates  and  gas prices  --  two key expenses  for  rv buyers   .  
  '  '    analysts  insist that even without  help  from  a shaky stock market   ,   which  provided  a temporary boost  for  bonds  during  the oct .  13 stock market plunge   ,   bond prices  will start to climb on  the prospects  that  the federal reserve  will allow   interest  rates  to move  lower  in  the coming weeks   .  
 investors  rushed to buy  bonds  during  the summer  as  prices  soared on  speculation  that   interest  rates  would continue to fall  .  
 total return  is  price changes  plus   interest  income   .  
 james kochan   ,   chief fixed-income strategist  at  merrill lynch   ,  is touting  shorter-term securities   ,   which   he  says should benefit more quickly than  longer-term bonds  as   interest  rates  fall  .  
  '  '    the spokesman  said  the issue  was sold out and met with  strong  interest   abroad  ,  particularly from  japanese investors   .  
 the plan   ,  proposed by  u . s .  secretary  of  state nicholas brady   ,   calls  for  banks  either to make  new loans  or to reduce  the principle  on  existing loans  or to cut  the  interest  rate  on  those  existing  loans   .  
 general electric co .   recently sold off  its  interests   in  liquid-crystal displays  to  thompson-csf  of  france   .  
 growth stocks  may  underperform cyclical stocks  next  year  if  the federal reserve  begins to let   interest  rates  drift sufficiently lower to boost  the economy   .  
 the funds  will be used for refinancing  existing debt  of  the washington   ,   d . c .    ,   concern  at  lower  interest  rates  and for  other general purposes   .  
 home beneficial corp .    ,   richmond   ,   va .    ,  said  it  contracted to sell  its 50 %  interest   in  a richmond-area shopping mall  to  a buyer   that was n ' t  identified  .  
 but  saatchi  ' s troubles  have only whipped up   interest   among  outsiders  *interested in picking off  pieces  of  its ad businesses   .  
 insofar as  mr .  dingell  has  a special  interest   in  nih  and  the institutions   that  receive  its  funding  ,   the rockefeller scientists  were  no doubt  discomfited by  dr .  baltimore  ' s unflattering public opinion  of  this congressional patron   ,   whose behavior  reminded  dr .  baltimore  of  the mccarthy era   .  
 in  his mansion house speech   ,   mr .  lawson  warned that  a further slowdown  can be expected as  the impact  of  the last rise  in   interest  rates  earlier  this month  takes  effect   .  
 certainly  ,   the chancellor  has made  it  clear that  he  is prepared to increase   interest  rates  again if necessary to  both  ensure that  a substantial slowdown  does take  place  and  that sterling  does n ' t decline further  .  
 investors  are still waiting to see how  the u . s .  government  will decide on   interest  rates  and how  the dollar  will be stabilized  .  
 london  was weak throughout  friday  ' s  trading  ,  however  ,  on  what dealers  attributed to generally  thin  interest   ahead of  the weekend  and  this week   ' s potentially  important u . k .  trade figures  for  september   .  
  interest   may remain limited into  tomorrow  ' s u . k .  trade figures   ,   which   the market  will be watching closely to see if  there  is  any improvement  after  disappointing numbers  in  the previous two months   .  
 the idea  was to let  small investors   ,   the backbone  of  the fund business   ,  deal in  the money market  ' s high short-term  interest  rates   .  
 eventually  ,   the money funds  '  success  forced  relaxation  of  curbs  on  bank  interest  rates  to allow  banks  to offer competing  yields   .  
 the spokesman  refused to comment on  speculation  that  industrial equity  might use  its  interest   as  a platform  to launch  a hostile bid  for  the company   .  
 he  surveys  the prospective investors  gathered in  the board room  of  the philippine government  ' s asset privatization trust  for  the sale  of  a 36 %  interest   in  the country  ' s largest paper mill   .  
 those current holders  would also receive  minority  interests   in  the new company   .  
 the new structure  would be similar to  a recapitalization  in  which holders  get  a special dividend  yet retain  a controlling ownership  interest    .  
 he  succeeds  paul p .  aniskovich jr .    ,   who  resigned to pursue  other business  interests    ,   the company  said  .  
 mr .  conway  was  executive vice president  and  chief investment officer  of  union central life insurance co .    ,  of  cincinnati   ,  in  1987   ,  when  union central  bought  a 54 %  interest   in  manhattan national corp   .  
 late yesterday  ,   georgia gulf  said  it  reviewed  the nl proposal  as well as   interests   from ``  third parties   '  '   regarding business combinations   .  
 and  they  believe  the big board   ,  under  mr .  phelan   ,  has abandoned  their  interest    .  
 almost  all new regulation  is introduced in  the  interests   of protecting  the little guy   ,  and  he  invariably is  the one least able  to cope with  its consequences   .  
 an official  for  the lead underwriter  declined to comment on  the reason  for  the delay   ,  but  market participants  speculated that  a number  of  factors   ,  including  a lack  of  investor  interest    ,  were responsible  .  
 the santa ana bonds  were tentatively priced to yield from  6 . 40 %  in  1991  to  7 . 458 %  in  bucking  the market trend   ,   an issue  of  $ 130 million general obligation distributable state aid bonds  from  detroit   ,   mich .    ,  apparently drew  solid investor  interest    .  
 they  were tentatively priced to yield from  6 . 20 %  in  1991  to  7 . 272 %  in   foreign bond    west german dealers  said  there  was  little  interest   in  treasury bonds  ahead of  thursday  ' s new government bond issue   .  
 in  the case  of  copper   ,   he  said  ,   the upbeat mood  of  stocks  was reflected in  demand  for  futures  contracts because  a stronger economy  means  greater buying  interest   for  the metal   .  
 the gains  also sparked buying   interest   in  other real-estate companies   ,   traders  said  .  
 metromedia   ,  headed by  john w .  kluge   ,  has   interests   in  telecommunications   ,   robotic painting   ,   computer software   ,   restaurants  and  entertainment   .  
  '  '   for  example   ,  in  a special meeting monday  with  mr .  phelan   ,   senior officials  of  some  of  the big board  ' s 49 stock specialist firms  complained that  the exchange  is  no  longer representing  their  interests    .  
 dealers  attributed most of  the day  ' s gains  to  market-makers  moving  prices  higher  ,  rather than  an outbreak  of  significant buying  interest    .  
 though  the market  was stronger  ,   dealers  said  fresh buying  interest   was sidelined ahead of  a potential market-affecting debate  in  the house  of  commons set  for  tuesday   .  
 and  the treasury  ' s $ 17 . 6 billion auction  of  short-term bills   ,   which  generated  strong buying  interest    ,  helped to lift  the bond market  out of  the doldrums   .  
 in  an advisory letter   ,   the department  said that  ,  starting  oct .  18   ,   loans  could be limited to ``  parties  in   interest    ,   '  '   which  generally means  active workers  but also includes  retirees   who  continue as  directors  and  10 % shareholders   .  
 the 1989 series   ,  disrupted by  a devastating earthquake  and diminished in  national  interest   because  both   teams  came from  the san francisco bay area   ,  is likely to end up as  the lowest-rated series  of  this decade  and probably since  the event  has been broadcast  .  
 mr .  sugarman  has in  turn  contended that  the other major shareholder group  --  whose  interests   are represented by  three other directors  connected to  trusts  in  the name  of  the children  of  the company  ' s founder   ,   james patterson  -- has  ties  to  a  competing  fast food chain   ,   wendy  ' s international inc   .  
 the spokesman  said  unocal  has had ``  considerable  interest    '  '  from  prospective buyers   .  
 in  panama   ,   the u . s .   interests   at  stake  were happily  minor  ;  the only people  killed were  foreigners  hapless enough to trust  american will   .  
 much of  kkr  ' s financing  for  the rjr buy-out  is with  so-called payment-in-kind debt   ,   notes   that  accumulate   interest   in  more notes  and do n ' t require  cash payments  for  several years   .  
 the lawyers  probably wo n ' t mention  his  interest   in  horse racing   ,  though  mr .  monieson  says  it  remains  a hobby   .  
 he  predicts  a downward move  in  dollar-mark trade  and  a less dramatic slip  in  dollar-yen   ,  noting that  there  continues to be  a large pool  of  japanese investor  interest   in  u . s .  securities   ,   which  could provide  a solid base  for  the dollar  at around  140 yen   .  
 buying   interest   in  du pont   ,   which  declared  a stock split  and  a dividend boost   ,  and  certain other blue-chip issues  gave  the industrial average   a better performance  than  broader indexes   .  
 indeed  ,   the dlj banker  says  ,  in  the reborn capital structure cash coverage  of   interest   `` will meaningfully improve  .  
  '  '   he  added : ``  there   ' s probably even  a magazine  for  left-handed golfers .  .  .   but  the general  interest  magazine  is  something   we   all  miss  ,  and  it  should come back  .  
 the white group  argued that  whites  were not fully and fairly represented  ,  because in  city-wide elections  only  black candidates  or  white candidates   who  catered to ``  black  interests    '  '  could win  .  
  '  '   two hundred years  ago  ,   critics  of  the new united states constitution  warned that  the electoral districts  for  congress  were too large and encompassed  too many different economic  interests    .  
 in  addition  to  his  interest   in  ozone depletion   he  has extensively studied  the related topic  of  global  warming  ,   a theory   that mankind  ' s generation  of  carbon dioxide  through  increased combustion  of  fossil fuels  is creating  a  ``  greenhouse effect   '  '   that  will work  important climatic changes  in  the earth  ' s atmosphere  over  time   .  
 but  overall buying  interest   remained strong through  monday   ,  with  many observers  saying  they  expect  the nikkei  to continue with  moderate gains   this week   .  
 profit  after  taxes  and  minority  interests   but before  extraordinary items  climbed  27 %  to #  143 . 4 million  from  # 112 . 5 million   ,  with  earnings  per  share  rising to  85 . 1 pence  (  $ 1 . 35  ) from  79 . 4 pence  (  $ 1 . 26  )  .  
 but while  u . s .   interest   may be big and growing  ,   the difficulties   that  have stymied  deals  in  the past  show  no sign  of abating  .  
  '  '    the u . s .   ' s  interest   in  somalia  consists of  a single runway  at  the port  of  berbera   ,   which   u . s .  military aircraft  have  the right  to use for  surveillance  of  the gulf  of  aden  and  the indian ocean   .  
 sotheby   ' s provided  the dorrance family   a guarantee  of at  least $ 100 million   ,  and as much as  $ 120 million   ,  to obtain  the collection   ,   people  familiar with  the transaction  said  ,  thus taking  a greater  than  usual financial  interest   in  the property  to be sold  .  
 it  requires  financial planners  to register with  states   ,  pass  competency tests  and reveal to  customers   any conflicts  of   interest    .  
 naomi bernhard levinson   ,   a fine-arts appraiser  at  bernhard associates  in  san francisco   ,  considers  it  ``  definite conflict  of   interest   for  an auction house  to  both  advise  a client  on  purchases  and to set  price estimates  on  the paintings  to be purchased  .  
  '  '   ``  i  ca n ' t see why  there  would be  a conflict  of   interest    ,   '  '  says  sotheby  ' s ms .  levitt   .  
 prosecutors   ,  in  an indictment  based on  the grand jury  ' s report   ,  maintain that at  various times  since  1975   ,   he  owned  a secret  and  illegal *interest  in  a beer distributorship  ; plotted hidden  ownership *interests  in  real estate   that  presented  an alleged conflict  of   interest   ; set up  a dummy corporation  to buy  a car  and obtain  insurance  for  his former girlfriend  ( now  his second wife  ) ; and maintained  54 accounts  in  six banks  in  cambria county   .  
 richard buckley  said  stevric  ' s acquisition  of  arby  ' s  `` would allow  seasoned franchisers  and  food-service operators   ,  with  no conflicts  of   interest    ,  to stabilize  franchisee relations  and properly  refocus   the company  ' s energies  toward  growth   .  
  '  '  so  owners  have developed  a  ``  code  of  ethics   ,   '  '  outlining  rules  for  consultants  and  agents   ,  and  disclosure  of  fees  and  any conflicts  of   interest    .  
 but  such partnerships  are common in mining  ,  where  there  are n ' t  problems  or  conflict  of   interest   or  risk  of cheating by  a partner   ,   '  '   trelleborg  ' s president  says  .  
 indeed  ,   some  of  the bill  ' s requirements   ,  including  broad representation  on  the exchanges  '  boards  of  directors  and  strong measures  to prevent  conflicts  of   interest    ,  already have been put in  place  by  the coffee   ,   sugar  &amp;  cocoa exchange  and  other futures exchanges   .  
 this  ``  enlightened self-interest   '  '  is supposed to overcome  the built-in  conflicts of   interest    .  
 ``  a conflict  of   interest  standard  for  a committee  giving  us   advice  is n ' t  a relevant standard   ,   '  '   he  said  .  
 ``  there   ' s  no conflict  of   interest    ,   '  '   he  says  ,  referring to  his involvement  in  china   .  
 a 10 % gain  in  operating profit  in  the quarter  was offset by  a 21 % boost  in   interest  expense   ,  reflecting  higher consolidated borrowings  and  *interest rates   .  
 the meeting  offered  stark evidence  of  a dramatic fall  in  scientific  interest   in  cold fusion research   .  
 the company   ,   which  has   interests   in  television   ,  trucking  services   ,  and  glass-making  and  food-processing equipment   ,  said  it  plans to make  other acquisitions  in  the telephone industry   .  
 although  prices  rallied  briefly  following  the tumble  on  world stock markets  earlier  this month  and  the related decline  of  the dollar   ,   precious metals  are out of  favor  for  the moment  because of  high  interest  rates  and  a determination  by  industrial nations  to curb  inflation   ,   dealers  say  .  
 but  their value  as  investments  can be decimated by  inflation   ,   which  erodes  the purchasing power  of  bonds  '  fixed-dollar  interest  payments   .  
 one suit   ,  filed by more than  three dozen investors   ,   charges  that  mr .  peterson  misused much of  the $ 9 . 7 million  put into  a limited partnership  that  he  operated and promoted  ,  spending  some  of  it  to pay  his own legal bills  and to invest in  other companies  in  which   he  had  an  interest    .  
 like  other zeros   ,   they  pay  all their  interest   at  maturity   ,  meaning that  buyers  can time  things  so that  their bonds  pay off just when  junior graduates  from  high school   .  
 their price  falls further than that of  other bonds  when  inflation  and   interest  rates  kick up  .  
 issuing  states  generally limit  the guarantees  to  in-state institutions   ,  however  ,  and  buyers  get  refunds  without  much  interest   if  the children  do n ' t attend  the specified schools   .  
 he  also owes  a lot  of  back taxes   ,    interest   and  civil fraud penalties   .  
 or  an  interest   in  a retirement community  in  nevada   that  will knock  your socks  off  ,  once  it  is built  .  
 between  1978  and  1987   ,  for  instance   ,   sh oil  in  winter haven   ,   fla .    ,  sold   interests   in  oil wells  to  a very select group  of  local residents   ,  while turning away  numerous other eager investors   .  
 they  commonly give  two scenarios  :  one  is based on   interest  rates  that  the company  guarantees ( usually  4 %  to  4 . 5 %  ) and  the other  on  the rate   it  is currently getting on  investment   ,  often  8 . 5 %  or  more   .  
 projecting  the latter  over  several decades   ,   i  find  my cash buildup  is impressive -- but can  any high  interest  rate  prevail for  that long   .  
 yes  ,   he  says  ,   premiums  on  such variable-rate coverage  can be structured to `` vanish  '  '  after  a certain period  -- but usually only if   interest  rates  stay  high  enough to generate  sufficient cash  to cover  the annual cost  of  insurance protection   .  
 if   interest  rates  plunge  ,   the insurer  may be knocking on  my door   ,  asking for  steeper premium payments  to maintain  the same amount  of  protection   .  
 some insurers  have also started offering ``  persistency  bonuses  ,   '  '  such as  extra dividends  or  a  marginally  higher  interest  yield   ,  if  the policy  is maintained for  10 years   .  
 at  age 65   ,  when  i   ' d stop paying  premiums   ,   the ameritas offering  would have  a projected cash value $ 14 , 000 higher  than  the other   ,  even though  the equitable  ' s policy illustration  assumed  a  fractionally  higher  interest  rate   .  
 buying   interest   also resurfaced in  the technology sector   ,  including  international business machines   ,   whose board  approved  a $ 1 billion increase  in  its stock buy-back program   .  
 in  a speech  prepared for  delivery  to  london  ' s financial community   ,   mr .  lawson  summed up  current economic policy  as  a battle  to wring  inflation  out of  the british economy   ,  using  high  interest  rates  as ``  the essential instrument   '  '  to carry out  the campaign   .  
  '  '   in reaffirming  the current monetary policy  of using  high  interest  rates  to fight  inflation  and  shore  up  the pound   ,   mr .  lawson  dismissed  other approaches  to managing  the economy   .  
 while  lower joblessness  is generally  good news   ,   the hefty drop last month  indicates that  the economy  is n ' t slowing down as much as hoped -- despite  a doubling  of   interest  rates  over  the last 16 months   .  
 `` now  the  interest   is in  what  else can  i  do with  that money   .  
 ``  we  see  a lot  of   interest   in  those kind  of  things   ,   '  '  says  frank salerno   ,   a vice president  of  bankers trust   .  
 short  interest   on  the new york stock exchange  declined for  the second consecutive month   ,   this time 4 . 2 %   ,  while  the american stock exchange  reported  its third consecutive record month  of  short *interest   .  
 short *interest  on  the new york stock exchange  declined for  the second consecutive month   ,   this time 4 . 2 %   ,  while  the american stock exchange  reported  its third consecutive record month  of  short  interest    .  
 the big board  reported  that short  interest   dropped to  523 , 920 , 214 shares  as of  oct .  13  from  547 , 347 , 585 shares  in  mid-september   .  
 amex short  interest   climbed  3 %  to  53 , 496 , 665 shares  from  51 , 911 , 566 shares   .  
 amex short  interest   has been heading upward since  mid-december   ,  with  increases  in  each month  since then except at  mid-july   .  
 short  interest   is  the number  of  shares   that  have n ' t yet been purchased for  return  to  lenders   .  
 although  a substantial short position  reflects  heavy speculation  that  a stock  ' s price  will decline  ,   some investors  consider  an increase  in  short  interest   bullish because  the borrowed shares  eventually must be bought back  .  
 fluctuation  in  short  interest   of  certain stocks  also may be caused partly by arbitraging  .  
 the level  of  negative sentiment  measured by  the big board short  interest  ratio  slipped to  3 . 36  from  last month   ' s  3 . 38   .  
 short  interest   in  international business machines corp .   plunged to  1 , 425 , 035 shares  from  2 , 387 , 226 shares   a month  earlier  .  
 also closely watched is  exxon corp .    ,  where  short  interest   slid to  4 , 469 , 167 shares  from  5 , 088 , 774   .  
 the amex short  interest  volume leader  again was  texas air corp .    ,  rising to  3 , 820 , 634 shares  from  3 , 363 , 949   .  
 the adjacent tables  show  the big board  and  amex issues  in  which   a short  interest  position  of at  least 100 , 000 shares  existed as of  mid-october  or in  which there  was  a short position change  of at  least 50 , 000 shares  since  mid-september   .  
 textron  said that  nine-months  '  results  do n ' t include  earnings  of  avdel plc   ,   a british maker  of  industrial fasteners   ,  but do include   interest  costs  of  $ 16 . 4 million  on  borrowings  related to  the proposed purchase  of  avdel   .  
 stock-market fears  and relatively  more attractive  interest  rates  pushed  money-market mutual fund assets  up  $ 6 . 07 billion  in  the latest week   ,   the sharpest increase  in almost  two years   .  
 so  the bank  ' s board  decided to make  1 . 23 billion malaysian dollars  (  us$ 457 million  ) in  provisions  for   interest  payments  from  loans  previously recorded as  revenue  but never actually received by  the bank   ,  and to submit  a bailout package  to replenish  the bank  ' s paid-up capital   .  
 but  public documents  indicate  10 %  or  more  of  the bank  ' s provisions  were made for  foregone  interest   on  a m$ 200 million loan  to  malaysia  ' s dominant political party   ,   the united malays national organization   ,  to build  its convention  and  headquarters complex  in  kuala lumpur   .  
 bond prices  also jumped as  traders  appeared to read  the data  as  a sign  that   interest  rates  may fall  .  
 the steep climb  in  producer prices  reported  last friday  fostered  pessimism  about  lower  interest  rates  and contributed to  the stock market  ' s 6 . 9 % plunge   that day   .  
 in  the past several days   ,  however  ,   the u . s .   ' s central bank  has allowed  a key  interest  rate  to fall slightly to try to stabilize  the markets   .  
 after  watching  interest   in  the sport plummet  for  years   ,   the ski industry  is trying to give  itself   a lift   .  
 the glazer group  said in  a securities  and  exchange commission  filing in  early october  that  it  may seek  a controlling  interest   in  harley-davidson   ,  or seek  representation  on  the company  ' s board   .  
  '  '    the reason  is  simple   ,   mr .  wyss  says : ``   interest  rates  almost always decline during  recession   .  
  '  '  as surely as  a seesaw  tilts  ,  falling   interest  rates  force up  the price  of previously issued  bonds   .  
 they  are worth more because  they  pay  higher  interest   than newly issued  bonds  do  .  
 when   interest  rates  have dropped  ,   it  makes  sense  for  corporations  to do just  that  ;  they  then save on  *interest costs   .  
 when  *interest rates  have dropped  ,   it  makes  sense  for  corporations  to do just  that  ;  they  then save on   interest  costs   .  
 because  he  sees  a  ``  5 %  to  6 % base rate  of  inflation  in  the economy   ,   '  '   he  doubts that   interest  rates  will fall much  any time  soon  .  
 to lure  buyers  to  the chicago  &amp;  north western bonds   ,   portfolio managers  said  donaldson lufkin  sweetened  the transaction  by offering  the bonds  with  a resettable  interest  rate  and  a 10 % equity kicker   .  
 that raised  hopes  that   interest  rates  will continue to move  lower   .  
 in  an interview   ,   pemberton hutchinson   ,   president  and  chief executive   ,  cited  several reasons  for  the improvement  :  higher employee productivity  and ``  good natural conditions   '  '  in  the mines   ,  as well as  lower costs  for  materials   ,   administrative overhead  and  debt  interest    .  
 chase manhattan corp .    ,  after trying unsuccessfully to sell  its  interest   in  its lower manhattan operations building   ,  has exercised  its option  to purchase  the 50-story office tower   .  
 as  part  of  its decision  to leave  the building   ,   chase  tried to sell  its  interest    ,  along with  the atlas estate  ' s *interest   ,  shortly after  the october 1987 stock market crash   .  
 as  part  of  its decision  to leave  the building   ,   chase  tried to sell  its *interest   ,  along with  the atlas estate  ' s  interest    ,  shortly after  the october 1987 stock market crash   .  
 -- for  the past several years   ,   the banks   ,  lacking  a private navy  to enforce  their  interests    ,  have been pressuring  the u . s .  treasury  to underwrite  their bad ldc credits   .  
 when  roger birnbaum   ,   an executive   who  worked for  guber peters  in  the early 1980s   ,  left to take  a job  as  head  of  production  at  the united artists studio   ,   they  made  him  forfeit  all credits  and  financial  interest   in  the films   he  had helped develop  ,  including ``  rainman   '  '  and ``  batman   .  
 warner itself  was in  negotiations  with  mgm  over  certain movie  and  other rights   ,  and  it  was `` in  warner  ' s  interest   to accommodate  mgmua   ,   guber  and  peters  by permitting  them  to become  mgm executives   ,   '  '   mr .  daly  said in  his affidavit   .  
 warner  obviously does n ' t think that  it  is in  its own  interests   to let  mr .  guber  and  mr .  peters  go off to  columbia   .  
 during  settlement talks   ,  for  example   ,   warner  demanded  such things  as  cable tv rights  to  columbia movies  and  columbia  ' s  interest   in  the studio   it  jointly owns with  warner   ,  according to  executives  involved in  the talks   .  
  '  '   moreover  ,   the  interest   on  asset-backed securities  is fully  taxable   ,  while  *interest  on  treasury issues  is tax-free at  the state  and  local level   .  
 the front cover  of  the prospectus  for  the citibank credit-card receivables  offering  points  out in  bold capital letters  that  the certificates  represent  an  interest   only in  the  specially created  trust  and `` do not represent  *interests  in or  obligations  of  the banks   ,   citibank n . a .    ,   citicorp  or  any affiliate  thereof  .  
 the front cover  of  the prospectus  for  the citibank credit-card receivables  offering  points  out in  bold capital letters  that  the certificates  represent  an *interest  only in  the  specially created  trust  and `` do not represent   interests   in or  obligations  of  the banks   ,   citibank n . a .    ,   citicorp  or  any affiliate  thereof  .  
 health care property  holds  an  interest   in  139 facilities  in  30 states   .  
 even  lobbyists  for  heavy industry   ,   one  of  the  interests   hit hardest in  the 1986 bill   ,  are encouraged  .  
 after  a slick redesign   ,   the two-year-old magazine  has been relaunched  this month  by  its parent company   ,   keizaikai corp .    ,   the tokyo-based company  with   interests    that  include  financial services   ,   book  publishing and  a tourist agency   .  
 cost  and  expenses  for  the quarter   ,  excluding   interest    ,  increased  6 . 1 %  to  $ 333 . 3 million  from  $ 314 million   the year  before  .  
 but in  the light  of  events  in  panama   ,  where  the u . s .   has  such clear strategic  interests    ,  waiting for  the delta force  may prove to be  a dangerous gambit   .  
 a year  earlier  ,   the company  had  profit  from  discontinued operations  of  $ 24 . 9 million  from  sale  of  a pipeline   ,   a refinery  and  an  interest   in  a second refinery   .  
 in  addition   ,   the company  cited  cost-reduction moves  and   interest  income   .  
  interest   will be paid semi-annually  .  
 a new product   ,   newsedge   ,  carries  five business news wires  simultaneously into  a user  ' s computer  and  beeps  and  flashes  whenever  an article  appears  that  is of   interest   to  the user   .  
 moreover  ,   individual inc .   ' s computers  can weigh  the value  of  an article  based on how closely  the story  matches  the subscriber  ' s  interest  area   .  
 hot topic  :   interest   in  the abortion issue  is so great that  the hotline   ,   a daily   ,   computer-distributed political newsletter   ,  comes up with  a spinoff product  called  the abortion report  dealing solely with  its political implications   .  
 rumors  of  soviet  interest   also pushed up  the prices  of  soybean futures contracts   .  
 analysts  said  they  were impressed by  the performance  of  the company  ' s newspaper group   ,   which  consists of  the times   ,   35 regional newspapers  and  a one-third  interest   in  the international herald tribune  ;  group operating profit  for  the quarter  increased slightly to  $ 34 . 9 million  from  $ 34 . 5 million  on  flat revenue   .  
 but  the economy  `` is slowing enough to give  the federal reserve leeway  to reduce   interest  rates   .  
 the theory  relies on  three assumptions  :   1  )  voters  can `` buy  '  '   one  of  two brands  when  they  select  their political agents  --  a republican brand   that  believes in  the minimalist state  and in  the virtues  of  private markets  over  the vices  of  public action   ,  and  a democratic brand   that  believes in  big government  and in  public intervention  to remedy  the excesses  attendant to  the pursuit  of  private  interest    .  
 michael f .  harris   ,   53   ,  was named  executive vice president   ,   north america   ,  for  the financial times   ,   the business newspaper  published by  this company  that also has   interests   in  book  publishing  ,   fine china   ,   oil services  and  investment banking   .  
 laurance v .  allen   ,   44   ,   who  had been  director  for  north america   ,  resigned to pursue  other business  interests   and do  some  consulting  .  
 in  a joint statement   ,   the two companies   ,   whose combined holdings equal 52 . 7 %  of  sun life  ' s ordinary shares   ,  said  their agreement  is aimed at reducing ``  the uncertainty  and  instability  for  sun life   that  has resulted from  two major shareholders  owning  '  '   a controlling  interest   in  the company   .  
 schlumberger ltd .    ,   new york   ,  reported  third-quarter net income  edged up as  growth  in  its oil-field services sector  offset  a decline  in   interest  income   .  
 the lower  interest  income  occurred because  schlumberger  spent  $ 1 . 2 billion  buying back  its stock last year   .  
 dumez  said  group profit  after  payments  to  minority  interests   rose to  252 million francs  (  $ 40 . 1 million  ) from  148 million   a year  earlier  .  
 for  all  of  1988   ,   dumez  had  group profit  of  452 million francs  after  payment  to  minority  interests    .  
  '  '    mr .  rosen  said  the quake  will revive  consumer  interest   in  a little-publicized 1972 state law   that  requires  brokers  to disclose to  potential buyers  how  close a property  sits to  a fault line   .  
 the gain  resulted from  the sale  of  grace equipment co .    ,   the initial public offering  of  a one-sixth  interest   in  grace energy corp .   and  an adjustment  in  the carrying value  of  certain natural resource assets  not  part  of  grace energy   .  
 the international specialty chemical company  ' s earnings  were hurt by  an accrual  for  stock-appreciation rights   that  reflected  a 19 % increase  in  the stock price   ,  and  higher  interest  expenses   .  
 under  terms  of  the transaction   ,   which  was proposed in  june   ,   doman  said  it  acquired  international forest products ltd .   ' s 22 % stake  in  western forest   ,  and  western forest   ,  in  a related transaction   ,  bought back  a 22 %  interest   in  the company  from  fletcher challenge canada ltd   .  
 the fletcher challenge canada stake  was then canceled  ,   doman  said  ,  raising  doman  ' s  interest   in  western forest  to  56 %   .  
 doman  said  it  was also granted  an option  to acquire  the  remaining  44 %  interest   in  western forest   ,   which  is currently held by  two canadian banks   .  
 but  traders  said  the market  lacks  a base  on  which  to set  long-term buying strategy   ,  as  the future direction  of  u . s .   interest  rates  remains  unclear   .  
 ``  investor  interest  switches  back and forth ceaselessly as  they  are unable to shift  their weight  to  one side  for  sure   ,   '  '   mr .  mitsuoka  of  daiwa investment trust  said  .  
 leading  construction companies  also attracted   interest   for  their strong earnings outlooks   ,   traders  said  .  
 but despite  the flurry  of   interest   in  those shares   ,   dealers  said  ,   the market  remains  nervous  about  wall street  ' s volatility  and  high u . k .  *interest rates   .  
 but despite  the flurry  of  *interest  in  those shares   ,   dealers  said  ,   the market  remains  nervous  about  wall street  ' s volatility  and  high u . k .   interest  rates   .  
 general universal stores   ,   another top-tier stock  hit recently by  concerns  over  retail demand  in  the face  of  high  interest  rates   ,  gained  20  to  # 10 . 44   .  
 in  a filing  with  the securities  and  exchange commission   ,   mr .  gintel  said  xtra  `` has pursued  business strategies   that  are n ' t in  the best  interest   of  stockholders   .  
 stocks  and  bonds surged  on  the second anniversary  of  black monday  as  a favorable inflation report  prompted  speculation  of  lower  interest  rates   .  
 the rapid recovery  continued to be fueled by  growth  in  consumer loans   ,   higher  interest  margins  and  only minor loan losses   .  
 big board short  interest   fell  4 . 2 %  for  the month  ended  oct .  13   ,   the second decline  in  a row   .  
 but  foreign-exchange dealers  said  the dollar  staged  a quick comeback   ,  prompted by  a round  of  short  covering and  some fresh buying  interest   later in  the trading day   .  
 ``  the fed  wo n ' t be stampeded into easing  ,   '  '   mr .  logan  said  ,  predicting that for now  ,    interest  rates  will stay where  they  are  .  
 the hotels  and  management  interests   will be sold at  an auction   ,  said  john rothman   ,   president  and  chief executive officer  of  the trust  and  a director  of  the corporation   .  
 value  of  the properties  and  management  interests  was n ' t  disclosed  .  
 in  all   ,   the los angeles-based  trust  plans  to sell  its  interests   in  36 hotels   ,  while  the corporation  will sell  its management *interests  in  32  of  those properties   .  
 excluded from  the sale  are  the  interests   of  the trust  and  the corporation  in  two las vegas hotel-casinos   .  
 american medical  has agreed to  the offer   ,  but earlier  this month  said  it  had received  new  ``  expressions  of   interest    '  '  from  two previous bidders   .  
 thursday   ,   october 19   ,   1989    the key u . s .   and  foreign annual  interest  rates  below are  a guide  to  general levels  but do n ' t always represent  actual transactions   .  
 first fidelity bancorp .    ,   lawrenceville   ,   n . j .    ,  reported  a 24 % drop  in  third-quarter profit   ,  because of  a decline  in earning  assets   ,   lower loan volume  and  tighter  interest  margins   .  
 ( see : ``  marketing brief  --  viacom inc .   :  third-period loss widened  ;   interest  expense  is  cited   '  '  --  wsj oct .  19   ,   1989   .  
 the defense electronics concern  attributed  the operating improvement  to  higher profit margins  and  lower net  interest  expense   .  
 healthvest  missed  an  interest  payment  to  bank  of  tokyo  on  oct .  1   .  
 healthvest  is in  a severe liquidity bind  because  its affiliate   ,   healthcare international inc .    ,  has failed to make about  $ 10 . 6 million  in  principal  and   interest  payments  owed since  august   .  
 lin  would have  a priority right  to pursue  all opportunities  to acquire  u . s .  cellular  interests   in  markets  other than  those  in  which mccaw  holds  an *interest   ,  or  which  are contiguous to  those markets   ,  unless  lin  has  an *interest  there or  contiguous  to  it   .  
 lin  would have  a priority right  to pursue  all opportunities  to acquire  u . s .  cellular *interests  in  markets  other than  those  in  which mccaw  holds  an  interest    ,  or  which  are contiguous to  those markets   ,  unless  lin  has  an *interest  there or  contiguous  to  it   .  
 lin  would have  a priority right  to pursue  all opportunities  to acquire  u . s .  cellular *interests  in  markets  other than  those  in  which mccaw  holds  an interest   ,  or  which  are contiguous to  those markets   ,  unless  lin  has  an  interest   there or  contiguous  to  it   .  
 independent directors  would have  veto rights  to  any acquisition  if  they  unanimously decide  it  is n ' t in  lin  ' s best  interest    .  
 the directors  would be able to sell  particular assets  to enable  such buyers  as  the regional bell  operating  companies  to purchase  the company  ' s  interests    .  
 past due impasse    i  never pay  my bills   till  the very last day  ;   i  lose  far less  interest    by proceeding  that way   .  
 bankamerica corp .   reported  a 34 % jump  in  third-quarter earnings   ,  as  its rocket-like recovery  from nearly  ruinous losses several years  ago continued to be fueled by  growth  in  consumer loans   ,   higher  interest  margins  and  negligible loan losses   .  
 but  that drop  was caused entirely by  a decline  in  brazilian  interest   paid  ,  to  $ 5 million  from  $ 54 million   the second quarter   .  
 the 4 . 52 % net  interest  margin   ,  or  the difference  between  the yield  on  a bank  ' s investments  and  the rate   it  pays for  deposits  and  other borrowings   ,  was still markedly higher than  the 3 . 91 % ratio   a year  earlier  ,  and is among  the best  in  the industry   ,   analysts  said  .  
 canadian pacific   ,   which  has   interests   in  transportation   ,   telecommunications   ,   forest products   ,   energy  and  real estate   ,  finally took  its majority block  off  the market   this spring   .  
  '  '    martin h .  ruby   ,   a managing director  of  capital holding  ' s accumulation  and  investment group   ,  also resigned to pursue  other business  interests    ,   capital holding  said  .  
 ``  i  do n ' t believe in  the airline business   you  can be totally laissez-faire because of  the high degree  of  public  interest    '  '  at  stake   .  
 institutions   ,  meanwhile  ,  stepped back to  the sidelines  as  the direction  of  u . s .   interest  rates  remained  unclear   .  
 the impact  on  japanese insurers  and  property owners  with   interests   in  the san francisco area  is still being assessed  ,   they  said  .  
 with  uncertainty  still hanging over   interest  rates  and  the dollar   ,   the market  failed to find  a focus   that  might lead to further  investor commitments   ,   they  said  .  
  interest  rate-sensitive shares  such as  steel   ,   construction  and  electric utility companies   ,   which  rose early in  the week   ,  saw  their advance  weaken yesterday  .  
 the industry  had shown  signs  of  recovery   this summer   ,  after  the central bank  began to relax  its clamp  on  credit   ,  allowing   interest  rates  to drop  a bit  after pushing  them  up for  a year   .  
 net  also was aided by  a gain  on  the sale  of  the company  ' s equity  interests   in  south africa effective sept .  1   .  
 in  the period   ,   the company  completed  the sale  of  its european cosmetics businesses   ,  sold  a majority  interest   in  its brazilian affiliate   ,  and announced  the reorganization  of  its over-the-counter drug businesses  into  a new unit   ,   schering-plough health care products   .  
 affiliated bankshares  of  colorado inc .   said  it  agreed to sell  its 10 %  interest   in  rocky mountain bankcard systems  for  $ 18 . 5 million  to  colorado national bank  of  denver  and  central bank  of  denver   .  
 the fed  is easily assigned  the blame  for  unpleasantness   ,  like  high  interest  rates  or  slow economic growth   ,  while  the politicians  can escape  responsibility  by pointing to  the fed  ' s independence   .  
 the problem  is not that  the fed  is too unresponsive to  the public  interest    .  
 on  the contrary   ,   it  is too responsive to  an incorrect view  of  the public  interest    .  
 he  has  a built-in   ,   constant longing  for  lower  interest  rates   .  
 or would  he  interpret  it  as  instruction  to give  more weight  to  these other objectives  that  the secretary  represents --  low  interest  rates   ,   short-run economic expansion   ,  and  stabilization  of  exchange rates  at internationally managed  levels   .  
 the bank  ' s medium-term  and  long-term loans  to  less-developed countries  total  $ 293 million   ,  of  which   $ 146 million  are n ' t accruing   interest    ,   the bank  said  .  
 the company   ,   which  is retaining most of  its wine  and  all  of  its soft-drink  interests    ,  did n ' t  break  out  results  for  the businesses   it  plans to sell  .  
 whitbread  now intends to bolster  its brewing  interests    ,  in  an effort  to grab  a share  of  sales  to  free houses   .  
 in  britain   ,   those  interests   include  the beefeater steakhouse chain  and  joint ownership  with  pepsico inc .   of  the country  ' s pizza hut chain   .  
 speculation  that  the federal reserve  will lower   interest  rates  in coming  weeks  helped push  the dollar  down  while  boosting  stocks   ,   traders  said  .  
 amr  ' s board   ,  in  a statement  after  a regular meeting yesterday   ,  said : ``  ill-considered  and  reckless acquisition proposals  adversely affect  employee   ,   financial  and  business relationships  and are contrary to  the best  interests   of  amr shareholders   .  
 mr .  hayes   ,   52 years  old  ,   left southwestern bell telephone co .   in  january   ,  where  he  had been  chairman   ,   president  and  chief executive   ,  to join  triad capital partners   ,   a st .  louis company  with   interests   in  solid waste  and recycling  ,   telecommunications  and  international venture capital   .  
 such high-yield debt  is similar to  a zero-coupon bond  in that  it  is sold at  a discount  to  face value   ,  with   interest   accruing instead of being paid to  the holder   .  
 under  current rules   ,   that  accrued   interest   is deductible by  the company  issuing  the debt   .  
 for  example   ,  if  a company  posted  a loss  of  $ 100 million  from  buy-out  interest  payments   ,   the existing rule  would allow  the concern  to be able to receive  a refund  from  the tax   it  paid from  1986  through  1989   ,  when  it  may have been  a profitable public company   .  
 one possible solution  for  wall street  is to increase  the equity part  of  the transaction  --  that  is  ,  give  lenders   a bigger stake  in  the surviving company  rather than just   interest  payments   .  
 since  they  have  a lower  interest  rate   ,   they  would n ' t fall under  the junk-bond category   that  would lose  its deductibility   .  
 the house version  of  the bill  would make  debt  non-deductible if  it  pays  five percentage points  above  treasury notes   ,  has at  least a five-year maturity  and does n ' t pay   interest   for at  least one year  out of  the first five   .  
 the senate bill  would only deny  the deduction  until   interest   is actually paid  .  
 currently  ,  even though  the issuer  does n ' t pay  tax   ,   the debt holder  is taxed on  the accrued  interest    .  
 ``  the  interest  deduction  was  the engine   that  made  these things  more productive  .  
 northrop  ' s  interest  expense  also soared to  $ 35 million  from  $ 17 million   a year  ago  .  
 its  interest  expense  surged to  $ 21 . 5 million  from  $ 12 . 4 million   .  
 mr .  maynard  is n ' t  the first entrepreneur  to bump up against  entrenched  interests    .  
  '  '   despite  recent declines  in   interest  rates   ,   money funds  continue to offer  better yields  than  other comparable investments   .  
 the s&amp;l bailout  could cost  $ 300 billion   ,  computing   interest   on  the government  ' s loans   .  
 in  addition   ,   hunter  said  it  will use  proceeds  from  a private placement  of  $ 8 million  of  preferred shares  to purchase  an  interest   in  a start-up company  to underwrite  environmental impairment insurance   .  
 ford  has signaled  it  might acquire  a majority  interest   later  .  
 the  refinancing of  $ 481 million  in  long-term debt  reduced  net income  by  $ 22 million   ,  or  five cents   a share   ,  but in  the long run  will save more than  $ 250 million  in   interest  costs   .  
 the decision  to increase  the loan-loss  reserve and suspend  the dividend  is ``  both prudent  and in  the best long-term  interest   of  the shareholders   ,   '  '   he  said  .  
 initial  interest  rate  set at  0 . 375 point  over  three-month libor   .  
  interest  payments  on  the bonds  will be payable semiannually  .  
 at  the state  and  local level   ,   the bonds  are subject to  surtaxes  and  estate   ,   inheritance  and  gift taxes   ,  but  exempt  from  taxation  as to  principal  and   interest    .  
 `` if  the stock market tremors  are behind  us   ,  then  the bond market  will go back to looking at  the next batch  of  economic numbers  to determine  '  '  where   interest  rates  are heading  .  
  interest  rates  barely budged from  tuesday  ' s levels   .  
 he  said  ,  while  dialogue  is important  ,   enough forums  already exist `` in  which   different  interests    '  '  can express  themselves   .  
 not just that  people  are being heard but that  their  interests   are being taken seriously  .  
 the queks control   the hong leong group   ,   which  has  widespread  interests   in manufacturing  ,   property  and  finance  in  both malaysia  and  singapore   .  
 wednesday   ,   october 18   ,   1989    the key u . s .   and  foreign annual  interest  rates  below are  a guide  to  general levels  but do n ' t always represent  actual transactions   .  
 such disclosures  of  big holdings  often are used by  raiders  to try to scare  a company  ' s managers   ,  and to stir   interest   in  the stock   .  
 the $ 55 million gain  on  the sale  was offset by  lower  interest  income   ,   poorer results  from  foreign-exchange  trading and  a $ 9 million loss  on  the sale  of  a unit   ,   securities settlement corp   .  
 viacom inc .    ,   new york   ,  reported that  its third-quarter loss  widened to  $ 21 . 7 million   ,  or  41 cents   a share   ,  primarily because of   interest  expense  of  $ 70 . 1 million   .  
  interest  expense  in  the 1988 third quarter  was  $ 75 . 3 million   .  
 viacom  said  it  also restructured  bank debt  under  a $ 1 . 5 billion unsecured bank agreement   that  offers  significant  interest  rate savings   .  
 the joint venture  is being  undone   ,  with  mccall  ' s magazine  being sold  last summer  to  the new york times co .   ' s magazine group  for about  $ 80 million   ,  and  time warner  agreeing to sell back  its 50 %  interest   in  working woman  and  working mother  to  mr .  lang   .  
 the sale price  of  mccall  ' s  -- twice  what   mr .  lang  originally paid for  it  -- will finance  lang communications  '  buy-back  of  time warner  ' s 50 %  interest   in  working woman  and  working mother   .  
 profit  after  taxes  and  minority  interests   increased  16 %  to #  55 . 2 million  from  # 47 . 6 million  in  the year-earlier period   ,  while  earnings  per  share  rose  16 %  to  27 . 9 pence  (  44 cents  ) from  24 . 1 pence  (  38 cents  )  .  
 profit  after  taxes  and  minority  interests   but before  extraordinary items  increased  22 %  to #  92 . 6 million  from  # 75 . 6 million   a year  earlier  ,  while fully diluted  earnings  per  share  rose to  29 . 90 pence  (  47 cents  ) from  24 . 68 pence  (  39 cents  )  .  
  '  '  buried in  the glossy hardbound catalog  for  the sale   ,  however  ,  appears  the statement   ,  ``  sotheby  ' s  has  an  interest   in  the property  in  this catalog   .  
 we  have  some level  of  financial  interest    '  '  in  the collection   .  
 while  he  adds that  he  has  no problem  with  auction houses   who  sell  works  in  which   they  have  a financial  interest    ,  ``  it  ought not to be hidden in  some small print   .  
 while  mr .  woodland  does n ' t predict  a significant climb  for  the u . s .  unit  in  light  of  recent moves  in   interest  rates  around  the world   ,   he  noted that ``  its downside potential  is surprisingly and -- for  dollar bulls  -- `` impressively  '  '  limited  .  
 proceeds  from  the bonds   ,  with  coupon rates  in  the 8 % range   ,  will be used to replace  bonds  with  an average  interest  rate  of  13 . 1 %   .  
 the tva  said  the refinancing  should save  $ 75 million   a year  in   interest  payments   .  
 ``  cincinnati gas  &amp;  electric  is in  good shape   ,   '  '   mr .  taft  said  ,  and  utilities  are ``  a good investment  because   interest  rates  are going down  .  
 mr .  bush  would be acting in  the public  interest   if  he  let  the washington elites   who  manipulate  these budgets  --  the bureaucrats   ,   the lobbyists   ,   the congressional staffers  -- live for just  one year  on  a restricted diet   .  
 currency concerns  also weigh heavily on   interest  rate-sensitive stocks  such as  banking  and  other financial issues  because of  fears  that  japanese *interest rates  might have to rise to keep  the dollar  in  check   .  
 still  ,   some sectors  found buying   interest   after being actively sold in  recent weeks   .  
 he  succeeds  james e .  burt iii   ,   who  resigned from  all three posts  to pursue  other  interests    .  
 tuesday   ,   october 17   ,   1989    the key u . s .   and  foreign annual  interest  rates  below are  a guide  to  general levels  but do n ' t always represent  actual transactions   .  
 the company  ' s chemicals  interests   include  ,  among  other things   ,   petroleum additives   ,   pharmaceuticals ingredients  and  polysilicon  used by  the semiconductor industry   .  
 except to characterize  its offer  as ``  fair  and  generous  and in  the best  interests   of  mesa shareholders   ,   '  '   stateswest  declined to discuss  details  of  its proposal   .  
 by concealing  the non-enforcement agreement   ,   certain transactions  with  messrs .  taylor  and  watson  were entered on  firstsouth  ' s books  as  loans   ,  allowing  the thrift  to  report fees  and   interest   as  current income   ,  according to  the u . s .  attorney  ' s office  in  little rock   ,   ark   .  
  '  '    this  interest   in  words  goes beyond  puns  and  playfulness   ,  however  .  
 canadian officials  said  the trade pact  has kindled  an export  interest   among  many small canadian companies   that  previously had little or  no foreign sales   .  
 balcor   ,   which  has   interests   in  real estate   ,  said  the position  is newly created  .  
 mr .  johnson  succeeds  harry w .  sherman   ,   who  resigned to pursue  other  interests    ,  in  both   positions   .  
 h .  anthony ittleson  was elected  a director  of  this company   ,   which  primarily has   interests   in  radio  and  television stations   ,  increasing  the number  of  seats  to  five   .  
 mr .  noriega  ' s tips  on  emerging leftists  at  his school  were deemed more important to  u . s .   interests    .  
 satisfying  its  interests   was  a priority  for  any panamanian leader   .  
 the new reports  of  sluggishness   ,   which  were foreshadowed by  an earlier labor department report  that manufacturing  payrolls  dropped by  105 , 000  in  september   ,  give  the fed   another reason  to further ease  its grip  on  credit  and  lower  interest  rates   .  
 as  vice presidentnational-government relations   ,   mr .  womack  will work with  p&amp;g  ' s top management  and with  the company  ' s government-relations staff  `` to represent  p&amp;g  ' s  interests   at  the federal level   ,   '  '  said  john g .  smale   ,   chairman  and  chief executive officer   .  
 currently   ,   mr .  merksamer  owns  20 %  of  the company  ;  l . j .  hooker  acquired  its 80 %  interest   in  the firm  in  may 1986   .  
 ernst  &amp;  young  said  eastern  ' s plans  will miss  its projections  of  earnings  before   interest    ,   tax  and  depreciation  by  $ 100 million   ,  and that  eastern  ' s plan  presented  no comfort level   ,  according to  a source present  at  yesterday  ' s session   .  
  interest   will be imposed on  unpaid taxes   ,  but  late-payment penalties  on  the returns  will be waived if  the balance  due and paid is  10 %  or  less  of  the liability   .  
 in  an apparent attempt  to keep  a lid  on  short-term  interest  rates   ,   the fed  once again pumped  money  into  the banking system   .  
 the fed  has allowed  a key short-term  interest  rate  to decline about  one-quarter percentage point   .  
 the cross-border loan portfolio  reflected ``  adjustment problems  and  episodic payment patterns   ,   '  '   the bank  said  no  interest  payments  from  argentina  in  the nine months  and  none  from  brazil  in  the third quarter   ,  while  venezuela  brought  itself  `` substantially current  .  
 wells fargo    wells fargo  continued to generate  one  of  the highest profit margins  among  major banks   ,  minimizing  a drop  in  net  interest  margin  with  13 % third-quarter growth  in  high-yielding business loans  and  similar growth  in  mortgages   .  
 as  a result   ,   wells fargo  ' s net  interest  income  rose  $ 36 . 3 million   ,  or  7 %   ,  to  $ 537 million  for  the quarter   .  
 manufacturers hanover    manufacturers hanover  said that excluding  the addition  to  its reserves   ,   certain tax benefits   ,  and  a one-time $ 16 million gain  on  the sale  of  an  interest   in  a foreign leasing company   ,   third-quarter earnings  were  $ 75 million   .  
 the net  interest  margin-the difference  between  the bank  ' s cost  of  funds  and  what   it  receives as  *interest payments  -- improved in  the quarter   ,  as did  certain areas  of  wholesale banking   .  
 expenses  unrelated to   interest   rose  5 . 4 %   ,  to  $ 541 million   .  
 pnc financial    pnc financial  cited  higher income  from  sources  unrelated to   interest   and said  it  continues to cut  costs   .  
 net  interest  income  in  the third quarter  edged up  1 . 4 %   ,  to  $ 317 . 7 million   .  
 in  a filing  with  the securities  and  exchange commission   ,   parsow  and  elkhorn   ,   which  together hold  8 . 685 %  of  caci  ' s common shares   ,  said  they  think  it  is in  the best  interest   of  caci stockholders  that  the company  be sold  .  
 the move  was meant to keep  a lid  on   interest  rates  and to boost  investor confidence   .  
  '  '   legitimate ranchers   ,   who  have  an  interest   in preserving  the herds   ,  would go out of  business   .  
 the exhibition  by  the u . s . -u . s . s . r .  trade  and  economic council  underscores  the  growing  u . s .   interest   in  that nation  ' s market   ,  though  trade  between  the two countries  is  a minuscule $ 3 billion   .  
 polaroid  reported operating  profit  before  taxes  and   interest  costs  of  $ 63 . 1 million  for  the third quarter   ,  more than double  the year-before $ 24 million   .  
 beginning in  the early 19th century   ,  with  u . s .  v .  hudson  and  goodwin   ,   the supreme court  has repeatedly held that  a judicial power  to declare conduct to be against  the public  interest   and hence  criminal   ,  while well established in  british law   ,  would usurp  legislative authority  under  the doctrine  of  separation  of  powers   .  
 banks  are continuing to go after  individual investors   ,  despite  falling  interest  rates   .  
 ``  reports  from  branches  are that  there  has been  greater  interest   in  the last day  or so  ,   '  '  said  steven braitman   ,   a vice president  at  chemical bank  in  new york   .  
 cds  sold by  major brokerage houses   ,   which  like  jumbo cds  tend to closely follow   interest  rate trends   ,  also posted  larger drops  in  yields   .  
 in  late april   ,  when   interest  rates  were at  their recent highs   ,   short-term cds  sold by  brokers  were offering yields  half a percentage point  or more higher than  banks   .  
 ``  what  happened in  the stock market  and  the bigger trade deficit   '  '  reported yesterday `` make  it  unlikely that  short-term  interest  rates  will rise  '  '   any time  soon  ,  said  mr .  mehl  of  banxquote   .  
 the purchase  comes after nearly  three years  of  on-again off-again talks  between  tci  and  viacom   ,   which  has also discussed  the sale  of  an  interest   in  showtime  with  other cable operators   .  
 they  add that  the fed  has allowed  the key federal funds  interest  rate  to dip to about  8 58 %  from  its levels  of just below  9 % last week   .  
 cross  &amp;  trecker  is also selling  its equity  interest   in  a japanese joint venture   ,   murata warner swasey   ,  to  murata machinery   .  
 the average  interest  rate  fell to  8 . 292 %  at  citicorp  ' s $ 50 million weekly auction  of  91-day commercial paper   ,  or  corporate ious   ,  from  8 . 483 %  at  last week  ' s sale   .  
 but  yesterday  ' s announcement  indicates that  ford  has n ' t lost   interest    .  
 integrated  has been struggling to avoid  a bankruptcy-law  filing since  june   ,  when  it  failed to make   interest  payments  on nearly  $ 1 billion  of  debt   .  
 the new notes  will bear   interest   at  5 . 5 %  through  july 31   ,   1991   ,  and thereafter at  10 %   .  
 citicorp   ,  for  example   ,  said only that  it  had ``  expressions  of   interest   of  a transaction  from  both   the borrowers  and  the banks   ,   '  '  but did n ' t have  an agreement   .  
 at  a meeting sept .  1  to consider  the labor-management bid   ,   the board  also was informed by  its investment adviser   ,   first boston corp .    ,  of   interest   expressed by  buy-out funds  including  kohlberg kravis roberts  &amp;  co .   and  forstmann little  &amp;  co .    ,  as well as by  robert bass   ,   morgan stanley  ' s buy-out fund   ,  and  pan   am   corp   .  
 despite  renewed  interest   by  the public  in  such topics  as  the environment  and  the third world   ,   it  has n ' t been able to shake  its reputation  as  a magazine boys  like to flip through in  search  of  topless tribe women   .  
 but  this year   ,  when  the hullabaloo  surrounding  its centennial  died  ,  so too did  some advertiser  interest    .  
 but would n ' t  you  know  ,  now that  we  are spending  jillions  of  dollars   ,  and have built  those new divisions  and  new air wings   ,  and have positioned  all these ships  and supplies to fight  the russians  in  iran   ,   the russians  seem to have lost   interest   in  the whole subject   .  
 sotheby  ' s   ,   the auction house  founded in  london 1744  and now under  the umbrella  of  sotheby  ' s holdings inc .    ,  was hoping to stir up   interest   in  old masters  as  it  strove to build  its u . s .  business   .  
  '  '  frequently  ,   clients  express   interest   in  paintings  but do n ' t end up  bidding   ,   she  adds  ,  `` so  we  do n ' t know  who   the potential buyer  will be  .  
 they  were protecting  his  interests    .  
 dow jones  &amp;  co .   said  it  acquired  a 15 %  interest   in  datatimes corp .    ,   a subsidiary  of  oklahoma publishing co .    ,   oklahoma city   ,   that  provides  electronic research services   .  
 the other two options  consist of swapping  loans  for  bonds  with  6 . 25 %  interest  rates   ,  or providing  fresh loans   .  
 ford motor co .   and  japan  ' s mazda motor corp .   have  equity  interests   in  kia   .  
 in  a sagging market   ,   the federal reserve system  `` might flood  the market  with  funds   ,  and  that  should bring   interest  rates  down  ,   '  '  says  leonard t .  anctil   ,   vice president  of  the bank  of  new england   ,   boston   .  
  '  '  for  small companies   ,   he  says  ,    interest  rates  are far more important than  what  happens on  stock exchanges   .  
 annualized   interest  rates  on  certain investments  as reported by  the federal reserve board  on  a weekly-average basis  :  1989  and  wednesday october 4   ,   1989   .  
 the transaction  is  part  of  ugi  ' s continuing program  to shed  amerigas  ' s industrial gas  interests   and expand  the subsidiary  ' s propane business   .  
 k mart  tested  the warehouse-club sector last year  with  its acquisition  of  a 51 %  interest   in  makro inc   .  
 moreover  ,   mr .  douglas  sees  a revival  of  institutional  interest   in  smaller growth stocks   that  could boost  the performance  of  these stocks  in  the medium term   .  
 ``  we   ' re seeing  a real turnaround  in   interest   in  small growth stocks   ,   '  '   he  says  .  
  '  '    compound annual returns   ,  including  price changes  and  income  from   interest   and  dividends    \* actual performance   ,  not annualized   source  :  ibbotson associates inc   .  
 but  other banks  balked at  the low  interest  rate  and  banking fees   the ual group  was willing to pay  them   .  
 officials  familiar with  the bank talks  said  the ual buy-out group  --  ual pilots   ,   management   ,  and  british airways plc  -- is now willing to pay  higher bank fees  and   interest    ,  but is n ' t likely to boost  its $ 965 million equity contribution   .  
 }   interest  rates   ,   lower  {  u . s   .  
 at  the time   ,   many traders  took  it  to be  a signal  that  the fed  would n ' t lower   interest  rates  to weaken  the dollar   ,  and that  the u . s .   was at  odds  with  its major trading partners  in seeking to stabilize  a high-flying u . s .  currency  at  a lower level   .  
 another $ 20 billion  would be raised through  treasury bonds   ,   which  pay  lower  interest  rates   .  
 that debt  would be paid off as  the assets  are sold  ,  leaving  the total spending  for  the bailout  at  $ 50 billion   ,  or  $ 166 billion including  interest   over  10 years   .  
 net  interest  income  sank  27 %  in  the quarter  to  $ 254 million  from  $ 347 million   .  
 the  interest  rate  on  short-term funds   ,   which banks  borrow to finance  longer-term loans  to  customers   ,  was `` sharply  higher   ,   '  '   morgan  said  .  
 morgan  received  $ 2 million  of   interest  payments  on  its medium  and  long-term brazilian loans  ; had they been accruing  *interest   ,   net *interest income  would have been  $ 35 million  higher in  the quarter   ,   morgan  said  .  
 morgan  received  $ 2 million  of  *interest payments  on  its medium  and  long-term brazilian loans  ; had they been accruing  *interest   ,   net  interest  income  would have been  $ 35 million  higher in  the quarter   ,   morgan  said  .  
 morgan  received  $ 2 million  of  *interest payments  on  its medium  and  long-term brazilian loans  ; had they been accruing   interest    ,   net *interest income  would have been  $ 35 million  higher in  the quarter   ,   morgan  said  .  
 such loans  to  argentina  also remain classified as  non-accruing   ,  costing  the bank $ 10 million  of   interest  income  in  the third period   .  
 income  from  sources  other than   interest   climbed  12 %  to  $ 414 million   ,  reflecting  higher corporate-finance  and  other fees  and  gains  on  sales  of  investment securities   .  
 the higher rates  paid on  deposits  also helped squeeze  ncnb  ' s net  interest  margin  in  the southeast  to  3 . 38 %  from  3 . 80 %   a year  earlier  .  
 the company  said  the gain  resulted mainly from  a $ 54 million increase  in  net  interest  income   ,  reflecting  a 33 % increase  in  real estate loans  ( mainly  residential  )  ,  and  a 19 % rise  in  consumer loans   .  
 as  a result   ,   security pacific  ' s net  interest  margin  fell only  13 basis points   ,   a more mild decrease  than  some major banks  outside  california   ,   which  have been reporting  more sluggish earnings   .  
 revenue  derived from   interest   and  dividends  jumped  30 %  to  $ 1 . 4 billion   .  
 a year  ago  ,   net  at  the new york investment banking firm  was  $ 20 . 9 million   ,  or  50 cents   a share   ,  including  a special pretax gain  of  $ 46 . 3 million  from  the sale  of  the company  ' s  interest   in  national car rental systems inc   .  
 revenue  was  $ 444 . 9 million   ,  including  net  interest    ,  down slightly from  $ 450 . 7 million   .  
 the real key  is to have  the economy  working and   interest  rates  down  .  
 the national economic  interests   are much better served allowing  the private *interests  of  bankers  and  investors  be  the ultimate judges  of  the investment quality  of  various lbo deals  and  leveraged restructurings   .  
 the national economic *interests  are much better served allowing  the private  interests   of  bankers  and  investors  be  the ultimate judges  of  the investment quality  of  various lbo deals  and  leveraged restructurings   .  
 although  the smoking provision  has attracted  the most public  interest    ,   the underlying bill  was  the subject  of  behind-the-scenes  lobbying because of  its impact  on  air transportation  and  the more mundane   ,  but politically  important   ,   projects  of  members   .  
 the company  reported  a loss  after  taxation  and  minority  interests   of  14 million irish punts   ,  compared with  a loss  of  9 . 3 million irish punts  for  the year-earlier period   .  
 short-term  interest  rates  fell yesterday at  the government  ' s weekly treasury bill auction   .  
 why  all the  interest    .  
 the sacramento   ,   calif .    ,   company  also attributed improved  performance  to  a lower effective tax rate  and  higher  interest  income   .  
 bsn  will initially acquire  a 15 %  interest   in  birkel   ,   a  closely held  concern   .  
 monday   ,   october 16   ,   1989    the key u . s .   and  foreign annual  interest  rates  below are  a guide  to  general levels  but do n ' t always represent  actual transactions   .  
 united biscuits  (  holdings  )  plc   ,   a british food producer   ,  announced  the creation  of  a european group  to bring together  its trading  interests   in  the region   .  
 he  expects  a drop  in   interest  rates   ,   which  would help  gold  by keeping  the dollar  from rising  .  
 cara operations   ,   a food services concern   ,  and  unicorp   ,   a holding company  with   interests   in  oil  and  natural gas  and  financial services   ,  are based in  toronto   .  
 maxus   ,   an independent oil  and  gas concern   ,  is  the operator  and owns  a 56 %  interest   in  the new field   ,  called  northeast intan   .  
 other  interests   are owned by  bp petroleum development  (  ses  )  ltd .    ,   c .  itoh energy co .  ltd .    ,   deminex sumatra oel g . m . b   .  
 the federal reserve  signaled  its willingness  to provide  liquidity  ;  the  interest  rate  on  its loans  to  major banks  inched downward early in  the day   .  
 at  a news conference  here yesterday  ,   natwest officials  said  they  expect  potential  interest   from  banks  throughout  continental europe   ,   australia  and  the u . s   .  
 the federal reserve  gave  comfort  to  the financial markets  yesterday by allowing  a key  interest  rate  to drift downward  .  
 the fed  allowed  the key federal funds  interest  rate  to dip to about  8 5 %  from  its levels  of just below  9 % last week   .  
 government officials  say  it   ' s unclear  ,  however  ,  where  the bellwether  fed  funds rate   ,   which  influences  other  interest  rates   ,  will come to rest  .  
 for  weeks  prior to  the market  ' s drop   ,   the treasury  had been urging  the fed  to bring down  short-term  interest  rates   ,  and  the fed  had been resisting  .  
 the fed  already is experiencing  political pressure  to supply  lower  interest  rates  and  easy money   .  
 there  is  the constant insistence  that  the fed  could lower   interest  rates  were  it  not so obstinate  .  
 the fed  indeed can lower  short-term  interest  rates  by pumping  reserves  into  the banks   ,  but  it  ca n ' t do much about  them  from there on  .  
 if  the reserves  generate  inflation   ,   which  is  what   the fed fears  most right now  ,    interest  rates  will go up as  lenders  demand  a premium   .  
 in  a terse news release  responding to  an article yesterday  in  the wall street journal   ,   which  credited  a front-page interview story  in  the sunday los angeles daily news   ,   valhi inc .   said  the quotes  in  the articles  `` do not accurately reflect  valhi  ' s  and  mr .  simmons  ' s intentions   '  '  concerning  their  interests   in  lockheed   .  
 if  the yen rebounds  against  the dollar   ,   he  said  ,   there  is  less chance  of  an additional increase  in   interest  rates   ,   which  could help stabilize  tokyo share prices   .  
 analysts  say  one point  in  tokyo  ' s favor   this time  is  the fact  that for  the past several weeks   the market  has been in relatively  low gear   ,  driven by  fundamental concerns  about  earnings  and   interest  rates  rather than  wild speculation   .  
 after  the one-point rise oct .  5  to  15 %   ,   britain  ' s base  interest  rate  stands at  its highest level  in  eight years   .  
 a market plunge  in  britain  could bring  pressure  for  him  to lower   interest  rates   .  
  '  '    lockheed  ' s share price  on  the new york stock exchange  has been propped up in  recent weeks   ,  despite  disappointing earnings   ,  because of  mr .  simmons  ' s  interest   in  the company   .  
 the reasons  include  the obvious differences  in  the market  between  this fall  and  1987  :   interest  rates  have n ' t been rising  this time   ,  as  they  were in  1987  ;  the dollar   ,  though hit  friday   ,   has n ' t  been eroding dangerously ;  the economy  is n ' t overheating ; and  ,  above  all   ,   stocks  are far from being as wildly overpriced :  they  are selling at only about  13 times per-share earnings   ,  compared with about  20 two years  ago  .  
 many traders  think  the fed  will quickly lower   interest  rates   ,   a move   that  would be  a plus  for  stocks   .  
 any move  to lower   interest  rates   ,  for  example   ,  would be  a positive  for  stocks   ,  by  making fixed-income investments  less competitive with  them   .  
 in  1987   ,   then-treasury secretary james baker  was threatening  a big drop  in  the dollar  if  west germany  raised   interest  rates   .  
 this year   ,   federal reserve chairman alan greenspan  seemed to warn  he  would n ' t lower   interest  rates  merely to keep  the dollar  within  an agreed-on exchange range   .  
 then  it  was  house budget committee chairman daniel rostenkowski  threatening to eliminate  the tax deductibility  of   interest   for  certain debt-financed takeovers   .  
 )  but  market observers  point out  that long-term government bond  interest  rates   ,  currently at  7 . 85 %   ,  are  2 . 5 percentage points  lower than  the level   that  prevailed in  october 1987   ,  when  *interest rates  had been rising for most of  the year   .  
 `` while  a number  of  lbos  are fine  ,   there  are also many where  the cash flow  can not pay  the  interest    ,  but {  that  } instead are based on  the buyer  selling  divisions  to  a greater fool  to pay off  the debt   ,   '  '   mr .  icahn  says  .  
 moreover  ,   fees  and   interest  rates  paid to  the banks  would have been stingy -- far below  those  in  comparable takeovers   .  
 )  citibank  ' s confidence  was bolstered as recently as  10 days  ago when  representatives  of  120 banks   that  had expressed   interest   in  the ual transaction  attended  a meeting  with  citibank representatives   .  
 because  buy-out loans  often get refinanced -- and thus paid off -- ahead of  schedule   ,   banks  ca n ' t count on  years  of   interest  income  from  these loans   .  
 the  interest  rate  promised  the banks  was also relatively  low  ;  2 %  over  the rate banks  charge  each other  in  london   ,  known as  libor   .  
 he  and  others  cite  friday  ' s plunge  in  u . s .  stock prices  and  the narrowing difference  between   interest  rates  in  the u . s .   and  some  of  its major trading partners   ,  particularly  west germany  and  japan   .  
 many analysts  also suspect that  the federal reserve  has begun to reduce   interest  rates  and could go further  .  
 lower  interest  rates  usually diminish  a currency  ' s appeal  to  international investors  and  speculators   .  
 traders  concluded that  u . s .   interest  rates  would remain  firm   ,  and  the dollar  quickly climbed to  its intraday highs  of  1 . 9140 marks  and  144 . 80 yen   .  
  '  '   in  the past week  and  a half   ,   major european countries  -- led by  west germany  and  japan  -- raised  official domestic  interest  rates   ,  mostly to keep  their currencies  from falling further and to stem  the inflationary impact  of  those declines   .  
 harris trust  ' s mr .  fio rito  predicts that ``  an equity market hit  will trigger  further liquidation  ; with  the japanese  and  germans  raising {   interest   }  rates   ,   the fundamentals  changed for  the dollar   .  
 dollar doubters  point to  the prospects  of  a bumpy u . s .  stock market  at  best   ,  and  the prospect  of  lower u . s .   interest  rates   .  
 the cboe  said in  a statement  that ``  the  interests   of  fair  and  orderly markets  would n ' t be served by  a resumption  of trading  .  
 since then  ,   hooker corp .   has sold  its  interest   in  the parisian chain  back to  parisian  ' s management  and is currently attempting to sell  the b .  altman  &amp;  co .  chain   .  
 in  addition   ,   robert sakowitz   ,   chief executive  of  the sakowitz chain   ,  is seeking  funds  to buy out  the hooker  interest   in  his company   .  
 two years  ago  ,  unlike  today   ,   the dollar  was weak  ,    interest  rates  were rising and  the market  was very overvalued  ,   they  say  .  
 diamond shamrock  is  the operator   ,  with  a 100 %  interest   in  the well   .  
 but  its competitors  -- including  dow chemical co .    ,   union carbide corp .   and  several oil giants  -- have  much broader business  interests   and so are better cushioned against  price swings   .  
 some  believe  p&g  ' s  interest   in  a superconcentrated detergent  goes beyond  the concern  for  the japanese   .  
 bozell  joins  backer spielvogel bates  and  ogilvy group  as  u . s .  agencies  with   interests   in  korean agencies   .  
 september  ' s steep rise  in  producer prices  shows  that inflation  still persists  ,  and  the pessimism  over   interest  rates  caused by  the new price data  contributed to  the stock market  ' s plunge friday   .  
 analysts  immediately viewed  the price data   ,   the grimmest inflation news  in  months   ,  as  evidence  that  the federal reserve  was unlikely to allow   interest  rates  to fall as  many investors  had hoped  .  
 the revenue-raising provisions   ,   which  affect mostly  corporations   ,  would :  -- prevent  companies   that  have made  leveraged buy-outs  from getting  federal tax refunds  resulting from  losses  caused by   interest  payments  on  debt  issued to finance  the buy-outs   ,   effective aug .  2   ,   1989   .  
 the measure repeals   a 50 % exclusion  given to  banks  on  the  interest   from  loans  used to acquire  securities  for  an esop   ,  if  the esop  owns less than  30 %  of  the employer  ' s stock   .  
 --  curb junk bonds  by  ending tax benefits  for  certain securities   ,  such as  zero-coupon bonds   ,   that  postpone  cash  interest  payments   .  
 she  says  that ratio  could climb to  14 . 5   ,  given  current  interest  rates   ,  and still be within  the range  of ``  fair value   .  
 unlike  1987   ,    interest  rates  have been falling  this year   .  
  '  '  if  the dollar  stays  weak   ,   he  says  ,   that  will add to  inflationary pressures  in  the u . s .   and make  it  hard for  the federal reserve board  to ease   interest  rates  very much  .  
 mccaw cellular communications   ,  for  instance   ,  has offered to buy  lin broadcasting  as well as  metromedia  ' s new york city cellular telephone  interests    ,  and in  a separate transaction   ,  sell  certain mccaw properties  to  contel cellular   .  
 friday   ,   october 13   ,   1989    the key u . s .   and  foreign annual  interest  rates  below are  a guide  to  general levels  but do n ' t always represent  actual transactions   .  
 gm  said  it  still is talking with  jaguar  about acquiring  a minority  interest    .  
 the resulting decline  in   interest  rates  and  the value  of  the dollar  could reinvigorate  american business  -- indeed  ,   the entire economy   .  
 but if  the stock market  does n ' t continue to plummet  ,   the beneficial effects  of  lower  interest  rates  and  a lower dollar  may well dominate  .  
 but  the experience  of  the 1987 crash  suggests  the fed  is likely to bring down  short-term  interest  rates  in  its effort  to  calm markets   .  
 anticipating   the fed  ' s move   ,   money traders  lowered  a key  interest  rate  known as  the federal funds rate  to  8 . 625 % late friday   ,  down from  8 . 820 %   the day  before  .  
 the principal-only securities  pay  the principal  from  the  underlying  freddie mac 8 % securities   ,  while  the *interest-only securities  pay  only  interest    .  
 mr .  savoca  succeeds  william h .  borten   ,   who  resigned to pursue  personal  interests    .  
 it  also has   interests   in  military electronics  and  electro-optics   ,   marine transportation  and  machinery  used to make  food  and  beverage cans   .  
 the annual  interest  rate  for  each  of  the next 11 years  will be set  each fall   ,  when  details  of  a new series  are released  .  
 he  argues that  stocks  are reasonably valued now  ,  and that   interest  rates  are lower now than in  the fall  of  1987   .  
 a few hours  after  the party  launched  its own affinity credit card  earlier  this month   ,   the tories  raised  the nation  ' s base  interest  rate   .  
 friday  ' s approval  was needed to conform with  bourse rules  regarding  companies  with  bank  interests   and follows  a similar approval  given  wednesday  to  cie   .  
 junk bonds   ,   which  mushroomed from less than  $ 2 billion  at  the start  of  this decade   ,  have been declining for  months  as  issuer  after  issuer  sank beneath  the weight  of  hefty  interest  payments   .  
 campeau  developed  a cash squeeze   that  caused  it  to be tardy on  some  interest  payments  and to put  its prestigious bloomingdales department-store chain  up for  sale   .  
 ``  this  marks  a significant shift  in  the  interest  rate outlook   ,   '  '  says  william sullivan   ,   director  of  money market research  at  dean witter reynolds inc .    ,   new york   .  
 first boston estimates  that in  november  and  december  alone  ,  junk  bond investors  will receive  $ 4 . 8 billion  of  coupon  interest  payments   .  
 despite  the  relatively  strong economy   ,   junk bond prices  did  nothing  except go down  ,  hammered by  a  seemingly  endless trail  of  bad news  :  -- in  june   ,   two months  before  it  would default on   interest  payments  covering  some  of  its $ 1 . 2 billion  of  speculative debt securities   ,   new york-based integrated resources inc .   said  it  ran out of  borrowed money   .  
 -- in  august   ,   resorts international inc .    ,   which  sold more than  $ 500 million  of  junk bonds   ,  suspended   interest  payments   .  
 -- in  september   ,  just as  the cash squeeze  hit  campeau   ,   lomas financial corp .   defaulted on  $ 145 million  of  notes  and appeared unlikely to pay   interest   on  a total  of  $ 1 . 2 billion  of  debt securities   .  
 ``  the era  of  the 1980s  is about  compound  interest   and  the  reaching for  it   ,   '  '  says  james grant   ,   editor  of  grant  ' s *interest rate observer   ,   an early critic  of  the junk bond market   .  
 ``  what   we   ' ve begun to see is  the damage  to  businesses  of paying  exorbitant compound  interest    .  
 businesses  were borrowing at   interest  rates  higher than  their own earnings   .  
 but  the airlines  are scarcely  a clear case   ,  given  anti-takeover mischief  by  secretary  of  transportation skinner   ,   who  professes to believe  safety  will be compromised if  klm  and  british airways own  interests   in  companies   that  fly  airplanes   .  
  interest  income  and  most fee income  was strong  .  
 among  unanswered questions  are whether  mr .  papandreou  received  $ 23 million  of  stolen bank  of  crete funds  and  an additional $ 734 , 000  in  bribes   ,  as contended ; whether  the prime minister  ordered  state agencies  to deposit  some $ 57 million  in  mr .  koskotas  ' s bank  and then skim off  the  interest   ; and  ,   what   pasok  ' s cut  was from  the $ 210 million mr .  koskotas  pinched  .  
 but  they  will work together on  energy  -  ,   environmental  - and  fair-trade-related issues  and  conduct seminars  on  topics  of  mutual  interest    ,  said  gibson gayle jr .   of  585-lawyer fulbright  &amp;  jaworski   .  
 nbc  ' s  interest   may revive  the deal   ,   which   mgmua  killed  last week  when  the australian concern  had  trouble raising cash   .  
 nbc  may yet find  a way  to take  a passive   ,   minority  interest   in  a program-maker  without violating  the rules   .  
 since  nbc  ' s  interest   in  the qintex bid  for  MGMNP  was disclosed  ,   mr .  wright  has n ' t been available for  comment   .  
 the u . s .   always ought to stand up for  its  interests    ,  but  it   ' s essential that  u . s .  officials  have  an appreciation  of  the politics  and  history  of  our allies   .  
 warner  ' s decision  to file  suit  in  the wake  of  its failure  to reach  a settlement  with  sony  did n ' t  surprise executives  at  rival studios   ,   who  say  warner  is only protecting  its own  interests    .  
 the official  said  citic  will pay  an  interest  rate   that  will be about  0 . 5 percentage point  higher than  the amount citic  would have paid for  a similar borrowing  before  june 4   .  
 he  said  it  was difficult to calculate  the exact  interest  rate  because of  the currency option   .  
 looking ahead  ,   the majority  of  area officials  expect   interest  rates  to  decline  and  inflation  to rise  ,  while  44 %  of  the chief executives  feel  a recession  is likely by  the end  of  on  the regional level   ,   executives  had  less good news  to report about  their own businesses   .  
  '  '   but  kamal kant tewary   ,   minister  for  information  and  broadcasting   ,  says : ``  we  are  the elected representatives  of  the people   ,  and  we  will do  whatever   we  think is fit and in  the  interests   of  the people   .  
 speculation  that  the fed  would sharply ease  its credit reins  was  damped  earlier  this week  when  chairman alan greenspan  said  central banks  should n ' t focus too much on  intermediate goals  for  exchange rates  and   interest  rates   .  
 vowing to continue  his government  ' s strategy  of  combating inflation  with  high  interest  rates   ,   mr .  lawson  told  the conservative party conference  that  the battle  to rein in  inflation  required  a strong currency   .  
 moreover  ,   the current high level  of  the u . s .  stock market   ,  and  the possibility  of  u . s .   interest  rates  being  cut  or  japanese rates  being raised again to keep  the dollar  down  ,  might draw  funds  currently invested in  japanese equities  into  the u . s .  market   ,   some investors  fear  .  
 yukio itagaki   ,   director  of  the fund management department  at  kokusai investment trust management co .    ,  said  the discount rate increase  did n ' t have  much effect  on  the actual market environment   ,  as  short-term  interest  rates  already had been above  5 %   .  
 bull last year  increased to  69 . 4 % its controlling  interest   in  honeywell bull inc   .  
 the principal reason  for  the slower growth  is  the narrowing difference  in   interest  rates  on  loans  and  the cost  of  *interest-bearing consumer deposits   .  
 an official  said  there  has been  much  interest   in  the company  recently  .  
 treasury bonds  ended modestly  higher yesterday  on  growing speculation  that  the federal reserve  is allowing   interest  rates  to ease slightly  .  
 the group  ' s bid  produced  a 6 . 634 % true  interest  cost   .  
 foreign bonds     interest  rates  and  inflation  weighed heavily on  the japanese government bond market   ,   which  ended  lower one day  after  the bank  of  japan  raised  its discount rate   .  
 earlier  this month   ,   gibbons green  sold  its  interest   in  sheller-globe  to  united technologies   .  
 reduced u . s .   interests   in  panama  did n ' t justify risking  american lives  to unseat  noriega   .  
 moreover  ,   the fine print  in  the little-understood gramm-rudman law exempts  more than  half  of  all federal  spending -- including  social security   ,   food stamps   ,   federal pensions  and   interest  payments  -- from  the automatic cuts   .  
 a move  to  lower  interest  rates  `` remains  contingent  on  evidence  that  domestic demand  is slowing  ,   '  '  said  susan hering   ,   an economist  at  salomon brothers inc   .  
  '  '    stocks  drew  some support  from  falling  interest  rates   .  
 ``  you  have  the specter  of  a sell-off  in  japan  combined with  the change  in   interest  rates  reminding  people  that  global markets  are linked  ,   '  '  said  new york stock exchange floor trader arthur cashin jr   .  
 mccaw  has offered to acquire  metromedia  ' s new york city cellular telephone  interests   and  ,  in  a separate transaction   ,  sell  certain mccaw properties  to  contel cellular   .  
 plastics machinery  accounted for  28 %  of  milacron  ' s sales  for  all  of  last year  and  45 %  of  operating profit  before   interest   and  corporate expense   .  
 british chancellor  of  the exchequer nigel lawson  pledged to continue  the government  ' s strategy  of  fighting inflation  with  a strong pound  and  high  interest  rates  for as long as  necessary   .  
 the tax increases  include  provisions   that  would prevent  companies   that  have made  leveraged buy-outs  from getting  federal tax refunds  resulting from  losses  caused by   interest  payments  on  debt  issued to finance  the buy-outs   .  
 the bill  also would close  a loophole regarding employee stock ownership plans   ,   effective june 6   ,   1989   ,   that  has been exploited by  investment bankers  in  corporate takeovers   ,  and would curb  junk bonds  by  ending tax benefits  for  certain securities   ,  such as  zero-coupon bonds   ,   that  postpone  cash  interest  payments   .  
 smith  did not write in  the wealth  of  nations  that  an  ``  invisible hand   '  '  always connects  the pursuit  of  self-interest  in  the marketplace  to  the  interest   of society only that  it  `` frequently  '  '  does so  .  
 fed fears  about  its independence  slow moves to cut   interest  rates   .  
 continental bank corp .   --  $ 150 million  of  floating-rate notes   ,   due oct .  18   ,   1994   ,  priced with  an  interest  rate   that  will float  15 basis points  above  the three-month london interbank offered rate   .  
 both bank  holding  companies  attributed  the lackluster performance  to  high  interest  rates they  must pay on  deposits  because of  increased competition   .  
 the pittsburgh bank holding company  ' s fourth consecutive quarter  of  strengthened results  reflected  a 5 % rise  in  net  interest  revenue   ,   a 6 % increase  in  service fees  and  a 25 % drop  in  operating expense   .  
 barnett banks  said  earnings  from  14 % loan growth  and  gains  from costcutting  efforts  were offset by  a decline  of  20 basis points  in  its net  interest  margin  from  the year-ago quarter   .  
 the average rate  on  these core deposits  rose  seven basis points  from  the second quarter  -- in  a period  of  declining  interest  rates   ,  primarily on  the loan side  of  the balance sheet   .  
 that reflected  the  restructuring at  a reduced  interest  rate  of  a large loan  originated by  one  of  mellon  ' s mortgage  banking  units  to  a home builder  and  the addition  of  a large midwest commercial mortgage  to  a non-accrual basis   .  
 executives  of  norcen  and  westmin   ,   which  has   interests   in  oil   ,   gas  and  mining   ,  said  the dispute  stems from  a proposal  by  westmin  to transfer about  c$ 400 million  of  related tax pools  to  norcen   ,  as  part  of  the transaction   .  
 bnl  alleges in  the suit  that  the credits  and  loans  were made at   interest  rates  and  fees  below  prevailing market rates   ,  ``  a fact   that  was known or should have been known  both  to  the defendants  and  those  acting in  concert  with  them   .  
 varity corp .   said  its massey-ferguson farm machinery unit  agreed to sell  a majority  interest   in  the italian-based landini tractor business  to  eurobelge s . a .   of  luxembourg   .  
 varity  said  it  will retain  a  ``  substantial   '  '   minority  interest   in  landini  and that  the company  will be operated as  a joint venture   .  
 traders  expressed  concern  that  the data   ,  coming on  the heels  of  federal reserve chairman alan greenspan  ' s indications  that  the fed  wo n ' t lower   interest  rates  to rein in  the dollar   ,  may worsen  the rate outlook  even further  .  
 its  interest   is adjustable  ,  and in  june   it  leapt to  19 14 %   .  
 `` but  we  ca n ' t keep paying  19 14  interest    .  
 if  the company  ca n ' t refinance  the bonds  and  lower its  interest  payments   ,   he  says  ,  ``  we   ' ll be in  nuclear meltdown   .  
 by  the time   the company  had sweetened  the pot  for  various constituencies   ,   its annual carrying costs  in   interest   and  dividends  had risen to  $ 148 million   ,  up  $ 44 million  from  the original lebow plan  of  may 1987   .  
 but to sell  the bonds  to  its clients   ,   drexel  insisted  the terms  provide  that  interest   could be  reset  twice by  investment bankers   .  
 by  june   ,   the sorry state  of  the business  caused   interest   on  the junk  bonds to be  reset  to  19 14 %  from  16 12 %   ,  increasing  the company  ' s annual *interest payments  by  $ 13 . 8 million   .  
 by  june   ,   the sorry state  of  the business  caused  *interest  on  the junk  bonds to be  reset  to  19 14 %  from  16 12 %   ,  increasing  the company  ' s annual  interest  payments  by  $ 13 . 8 million   .  
 the auto maker  would n ' t say how  the equity  interests   would be divided among  the partners   ,  but expressed  hope  that  the transaction  would be completed by  year end   .  
 c .  vincent prothro   ,   chairman  and  chief executive officer  of  this maker  of  semiconductors   ,  was named to  the additional post  of  president   ,  succeeding  john w .  smith   ,   who  resigned to pursue  other  interests    .  
 mesa airlines inc .    ,   farmington   ,   n . m .    ,  said  it  has ``  no  interest    '  '  in  a merger proposal  from  its tiny rival   ,   stateswest airlines   .  
 as  part  of  the settlement   ,   ge   ,  with   interests   in  electrical products   ,   financial services  and  broadcasting   ,  also agreed to implement  certain policies  and  procedures  at  the facility  where  the adapters  were manufactured  ,  so that  the situation  leading to  the investigation  would not recur  .  
 citing  a decline  in   interest  rates   ,   an  overly  costly pipe replacement program  and  the borrowing  of  $ 58 . 1 million  by  the utility  to purchase  primerit bank   ,   the commission staff  called  the rate request  ``  unjustified  on  the basis  of  the facts   that  have emerged from  our extensive study   .  
 the new blue chip forecast  also shows  the administration  ' s optimistic july forecasts  for  inflation  and   interest  rates   this year  are now more widely held  .  
 the bush economists  predict  2 . 3 % growth  and  a 6 . 7 %  interest  rate  on  three-month treasury bills  ;  the private economists  foresee only  1 . 8 % growth  and  a 7 . 3 % rate  on  three-month treasury bills   .  
 ge  also has   interests   in  consumer  and  industrial products  and  broadcasting   .  
 thursday   ,   october 12   ,   1989    the key u . s .   and  foreign annual  interest  rates  below are  a guide  to  general levels  but do n ' t always represent  actual transactions   .  
 the engine maker  is  a unit  of  united technologies corp .    ,   which  has   interests   in making  helicopters   ,   elevators   ,  and  defense  and  industrial products   .  
 refcorp  also said  the bonds  may be stripped into  their separate  interest   and  principal components   .  
  '  '    mr .  schumer  said  the notes  issued by  such an rtc thrift  would require  a higher  interest  rate  that of  regular treausry debt   .  
 the state  of  bavaria  is ready to sell  its 35 . 45 %  interest   in  tank maker krauss-maffei ag   ,   the bavarian finance minister  said  .  
 the company  has   interests   in  publishing large-typeface books  and providing  direct response advertising   .  
 the realignment   ,   which  essentially splits  the business  into  its long-distance operations  and  its local telecommunications operations   ,  comes  nine months  after  united telecom  brought controlling   interest   in  sprint  from  gte corp   .  
  '  '    mr .  mcdermott  cited  chase  ' s slimmer net  interest  margin  --  the difference  between  what   it  pays and  charges  for  money  -- as  one disappointment   .  
 net  interest  income  rose  4 . 4 %  to  $ 768 million  from  $ 734 million   a year  ago  .  
 the third-quarter  and  year-earlier results  do n ' t reflect  $ 82 million  of   interest  payments  owed but not paid by  brazil   .  
 they  also asked how to balance  the competing values  of  the constitutional right  to  abortion  and  the state  ' s  ``   interest   in protecting  potential human life   .  
 falling   interest  rates  prompt  cities  and  states  to issue  more municipal bonds   .  
 ``  we  feel   interest  rates  are pretty favorable now for  long-term debt   ,   '  '  says  philip shapiro   ,   chief financial officer  of  the massachusetts water resources authority   .  
 although  ramada  will have to ask for  an extension  of  the nov .  30 termination date  for  the agreement  and  other concessions   ,   a prime official  and  others  familiar with  the transaction  said  the delay  wo n ' t affect  the buyers  '   interest   in  the hotels   .  
 that strategy   ,  launched by  treasury secretary nicholas brady  in  march   ,  initially stressed cutting back  debt  and   interest  payments   ,  but recently  it  has placed  more emphasis  on  continued bank lending   .  
 some administration officials   who  have advocated cutting back  debt  and   interest  payments  oppose  the recent re-emphasis  on  continued bank  lending and are trying to counter  it   .  
 but  the nbc spokesman  said that  nbc  ' s  interest   was never meant to be seen as  a direct challenge  to  the  ``  anachronistic  and  antiquated   '  '   rules   .  
 only  $ 579 . 8 billion  at  an annual rate  in  the second quarter  of  1989   ,  or less than  half  of  uncle sam  ' s outlays   ,  according to  the august issue  of  economic indicators   ,  went for  such things  as   interest   on  debt   ,   a new defense department computer   ,   a space shot   ,  or  the salary  of  a postal worker  or  congressman   .  
 (  this transfer growth   ,  at  52 %  of  budget   ,  has seemingly slowed from  the last carter administration year  of  1980   ,  when  it  was  58 %   ,  but  the  ``  slowdown   '  '  stems mainly from  the sharp run-up  of  debt  interest   in  the 1980s   .  
 for does  it  make  sense  for  congress  to transfer  money  -- in  the face  of  a  mounting  $ 2 . 9 trillion gross federal debt  and  net  interest  payments  now at about  $ 175 billion  annually -- to  states  and  localities   that  are  themselves  relatively debt-free  .  
 ``  she  has taken  an  interest   in  religion   '  '  and reads  the bible  and  buddhist works  in  the evenings   .  
 the new method  will likely speed  development  of  medical diagnostic products   ,  and has already stirred  intense  interest   among  major drug companies   .  
 commercial  interest   is intense  .  
 ``  there   ' s  a very broad  interest   in  low cholesterol  across  a spectrum  of  ages   .  
 the big dairy companies  -- including  dairymen inc .    ,   borden inc .   and  kraft  -- are close-mouthed about  the new cholesterol-reduction processes   ,  saying only that  they  are watching  them  with   interest    .  
 yields  on  money-market mutual funds  slipped back to  september  ' s levels   ,  reflecting  this week  ' s retreat  of  short-term  interest  rates   .  
 that rise   ,  from  8 . 60 %   ,  was  a result  of  higher short-term  interest  rates  in  the previous reporting week   ,  said  brenda malizia negus   ,   editor  of  the holliston   ,   mass . -based newsletter   .  
 ms .  negus  noted that   interest  rates  generally declined following  friday  ' s employment report   .  
 compound yields  assume that  dividends  are reinvested and that   interest  rates  remain  constant  for  one year   .  
 laidlaw  is  a waste management  and  school-bus operator   ,  in  which   canadian pacific ltd .   has  a 47 % voting  interest    .  
 as  a result  of  the panama fiasco   ,   a lot  of  people   ,  in  the u . s .   and elsewhere  ,  now will be watching  the american presidency  with   interest    .  
 ``  the events  of  recent days   ,   '  '  wrote  mr .  lacey   ,  `` suggest that at  least   some  of  the ibt leadership  may now believe  it  is in  their own best  interests   to cooperate as little as possible -- or even not at  all  -- with  the court-appointed officers   .  
 the dollar  shrugged off  a surprise rise  in  japanese  interest  rates  and gained despite  concerted selling  by  central banks   ,  while  the fed  ' s *interest rate stance  subdued  stock  and  bond traders   .  
 the dollar  shrugged off  a surprise rise  in  japanese *interest rates  and gained despite  concerted selling  by  central banks   ,  while  the fed  ' s  interest  rate stance  subdued  stock  and  bond traders   .  
 by  midday   ,   fed-watching traders  saw that  the u . s .  central bank was n ' t allowing  interest  rates  to drift lower and concluded that  the fed  remains more concerned about  fighting inflation  through  firm *interest rates  than about helping to rein in  the dollar   .  
 the fed  would n ' t reduce   interest  rates  before  such an important inflation indicator  is out  ,   mr .  strauss  said  .  
 it   ' s in  this country  ' s national  interest   to have  four  or  five american international banks   .  
 since  the rjr bombshell  burst  last october   ,   long-term industrials  have produced  an annual total return  --  including price changes  and   interest   -- of  13 . 35 %   ,  well below  the 16 . 80 %  on  telephone issues  and  the 15 . 93 %  on  electric utilities   ,  according to  merrill lynch  &amp;  co .   ' s bond indexes   .  
 several say investors  claim to want  event-risk protection  until  they  discover  they  will have to pay for  it  by  lower  interest  rates  on  their bonds   .  
 but  mr .  samson  of  s&amp;p  says  ,  ``  our experience  shows unequivocally  there   ' s  a tremendous  interest   in  protection  against  event risk   .  
  '  '    annual total returns   ,  including  price changes  and   interest  income   ,  on  investment-grade bonds  issued by  industrial corporations   ,   other investment-grade corporate bonds  and  u . s .  treasury bonds  since  oct .  21   ,   1988   .  
 since  1986   ,  when  congress  passed  landmark legislation  overhauling  the u . s .  tax code   ,   u . s .  multinationals  have been required to allocate   interest  expenses  on  a consolidated basis   .  
 the effect  for  many companies  has been to increase  the effective cost  of  debt financing   ,  because   interest  expenses  allocated against  foreign income  `` crowd out  '  '   tax credits   that  otherwise might be available  .  
 thus  ,    interest  expenses  in  the u . s .   must now be allocated  prorata  to  foreign-based assets   .  
 however  ,  by setting up  ford holdings   ,  and selling  the 25 % stake  making  it   a stand-alone unit  under  the tax law   ,   ford  is n ' t required to consolidate  these  interest  expenses  and can preserve  its foreign tax credits   .  
 preferred stock  normally pays  dividends  to  holders  comparable to   interest  rates  on  some money-market investments   .  
 the open  interest    ,  or  the number  of  contracts   that  remain to be either nullified by  an opposite trade  or fulfilled by  delivery  of  the commodity   ,  in  the december contract  yesterday rose by  513 contracts  to  18 , 950 contracts   .  
 the december open  interest   is equivalent to  236 , 913 tons  of  copper   .  
 john gross   ,   president  of  j . e .  gross  &amp;  associates   ,   a copper industry advisory firm  based in  new city   ,   n . y .    ,  noted  that tonnage  represented by  11 , 313 contracts  of  open  interest   in  december options  on  copper futures  must be added  .  
 that  makes  the total open  interest   in  copper futures  and  options  equal to  378 , 326 tons   .  
 the wide disparity  between  open  interest   and  deliverable supplies  is n ' t as great as  the numbers  suggest because  the vast majority  of  futures contracts  are simply nullified by offsetting  trades  and  most option contracts  typically expire  unexercised   .  
 in  recent months   ,   similar  potentially  tight supply vs .  open  interest  situations  have been resolved without  delivery problems   .  
 also  ,   mr .  gross  noted  ,   copper options  expire in  november   ,  so  the pressure  of  that open  interest   will be relieved  a month  before  any delivery crunch  occurs in  futures   .  
 the tax deductions  resulted from  fraudulent  interest  expenses  created in  1981   ,   the indictment  alleged  .  
 specifically  ,   the defendants  are charged with creating  fraudulent  interest  expenses  in  1981  through prearranged  ,   bogus transactions  in  government securities   .  
 wednesday   ,   october 11   ,   1989    the key u . s .   and  foreign annual  interest  rates  below are  a guide  to  general levels  but do n ' t always represent  actual transactions   .  
 american express  also has   interests   in  financial services  and publishing  .  
 american basketball  stars  danny ferry  and  brian shaw  are generating  a lot  of   interest   in  italian basketball   ,  but  they  have n ' t generated  a lot  of  wins  yet for  their messaggero roma team   ,  owned by  the ferruzzi group   .  
 ``  we   ' ve had  expressions  of   interest    ,  not offers  ,   '  '   an ami spokeswoman  said  .  
 therefore  it  does n ' t surprise  me  that  there    ' s considerable  interest   in  it   ,   '  '   a first boston official  said  .  
 lenders  also balked because of pending  congressional action  on  a proposal  on  tax deductibility  of   interest  payments  in  some securities   .  
 mr .  weinroth  said  he  told  whitehall  `` that  we  really had  serious  interest   on  a deal   that  was much more attractive  '  '  to  integrated   .  
  '  '    integrated   ,   which  has been struggling to avoid  a bankruptcy-law  filing since  it  failed to make   interest  payments  in  june  on nearly  $ 1 billion  of  debt   ,  would use  proceeds  from  the sale  of  the core businesses  to  restructure debt   .  
  '  '   `` after seeing `  bambi   ,   '   nobody  wants to kill  a deer   ,   '  '  says  prof .  luis a .  cafferarelli   ,   whose current major  interest   is  free boundary problems  in  differential equations   .  
 the sale  includes  all  of  a&amp;m  ' s record operations   ,   its music video  interests   and  a&amp;m  ' s los angeles offices  but not  the music-publishing *interests   .  
 the sale  includes  all  of  a&amp;m  ' s record operations   ,   its music video *interests  and  a&amp;m  ' s los angeles offices  but not  the music-publishing  interests    .  
 bank one  also had expressed   interest   in  mcorp  ' s mvestment unit   ,   which  handles about  $ 17 billion  in  trust  and  custody assets   .  
 may  also will acquire  a 20 %  interest   in  the new company   .  
 first union corp .    ,   charlotte   ,   n . c .    ,  reported  a 4 . 4 % decline  in  third-quarter earnings  to  $ 70 . 7 million   ,  or  66 cents   a share   ,  as  price competition  continued to pressure  net  interest  margins   .  
 first  union  ' s net  interest  income   ,  squeezed between  lower rates  on  loans  and  higher rates  for  deposits   ,  decreased  5 %  to  $ 282 million  during  the 1989 quarter   .  
 in  addition   ,   the company  said  the growth  in  higher-cost deposits  during  the period  offset  net  interest  income  from  strong growth  in  loans   .  
 a gloomier outlook  for   interest  rates  and  some bad news  from  the takeover front  sent  the stock market  falling further from  its record highs   .  
  '  '   the executive  added that  the delays  may have prompted renewed   interest   by  bddp   .  
 stock  and  bond prices  fell further as  investors  decided  the fed  probably wo n ' t lower   interest  rates  anytime soon  .  
 so-called pik securities  pay   interest   in  the form  of  additional securities   .  
 despite  the higher yield   ,   small investors  did n ' t show  much  interest   in  the notes   .  
 applications $ 18 , 457 , 957 , 000 accepted  bids  $ 7 , 530 , 802 , 000 accepted  at  low price 74 % accepted  noncompetitively  $ 221 , 000 , 000 average price  (  rate  )  99 . 579  (  8 . 08 %  )  high price  (  rate  )  99 . 631  (  8 . 07 %  )  low price  (  rate  )  99 . 579  (  8 . 08 %  )   interest  rate 8 . 00 %   the notes  are dated  october 16  and  mature october 15   ,   1996   .  
 but  traders  said  the rate increase  destroyed  hopes  of  a comeback  among   interest  rate-sensitive larger-capitalization issues   .  
 the london market  broke even with  the help  of  gains  in  certain blue-chip stocks  rather than  any  easing of  fears  over  high  interest  rates  and  a weak pound   .  
 dealers  said  there  was  institutional  interest   in  some recession-resistant blue-chip issues   .  
 racal telecom  also benefited from  the  interest   in  the u . s .  cellular phone company   ,  rising  3  to  381   .  
 talk  of  ford  ' s imminent move  to acquire  a stake  in  sweden  ' s saab  also has helped to damp   interest   in  jaguar   .  
 some dealers  said  there  were  expectations  that  the news  and  information provider  will suffer from  high  interest  rates  and cutbacks in  equipment  at  u . k .  financial institutions   .  
 south african gold stocks  closed sharply lower in  response  to  the stronger dollar   ,   lower gold prices  and  an increase  in  south african  interest  rates   .  
 annualized   interest  rates  on  certain investments  as reported by  the federal reserve board  on  a weekly-average basis  :   treasury bonds  (  30 year  )  -c 8 . 13 8 . 26    a-discounted rate   .  
 mixed opinions   (  `` observers differ  on  federal reserve decision  ' s effect  on  stock market  '  '  .   --  news headline  )   some  feel that  the federal reserve  determines  whether  stocks  will decline or head up  ,   because  it  dictates  the  interest  rates   (  others  are simply fed up )   --  george o .  ludcke   .  
 the culprit  was  the  interest  rate outlook   ,  and  the victims  were  the otc  ' s biggest technology issues   ,   traders  said  .  
 amid  speculation  that   interest  rates  wo n ' t fall  any time  soon  ,   investors  decided to unload  some  of  the otc market  ' s leading technology stocks   .  
 the  interest  rate speculation  also led to  weaker prices  on  the new york stock exchange   ,  where  the big board  ' s composite index  and  the dow jones industrial average   both  fell  0 . 2 %   .  
 he  believes  the  interest  rate worries  were just  an excuse  for  the already-nervous   .  
 both general motors  and  ford motor  have expressed   interest   in taking  a stake  in  the company   .  
 tuesday   ,   october 10   ,   1989    the key u . s .   and  foreign annual  interest  rates  below are  a guide  to  general levels  but do n ' t always represent  actual transactions   .  
 richard searby   ,   news corp .   ' s chairman   ,  told  stockholders  at  the company  ' s annual meeting  that  earnings  for  the first quarter  ended  sept .  30  were `` adversely affected  '  '  by  three factors  :  high  interest  rates  in  australia  and  britain   ,   a strike  by  australian airline pilots   ,  and ``  very large costs   '  '  of establishing  the sky television operation   ,   a satellite television service   ,  in  britain   .  
 not only had n ' t  the issue  been priced and gone to  market   ,   competitors  argued  ,  but  bankers trust  was shooting  fish  in  a barrel   ,   they  said  ,  because  bankers trust  holds  a minority equity  interest   in  dallas-based morningstar   .  
 in  the  restructuring  ,   carter hawley  spun off  neiman marcus group   ,  and  general cinema corp .   traded  its stake  in  carter hawley  for  a 60 %  interest   in  neiman marcus   .  
 mr .  lee   ,   an international businessman  with  substantial  interests   in  real estate   ,  importing and exporting  ,  and  public utilities   ,  is believed to be living in  taiwan   .  
 the appeals court  ruled that when  nonrecourse mortgage loans  exceed  the fair market value  of  property  in  a tax shelter   ,   investors  may still claim  partial depreciation  and   interest  deductions  for  the portion  of  the loans   that  do n ' t exceed  fair market value   .  
 a federal district court  in  florida   ,  upheld by  a federal appeals court  in  atlanta   ,  ruled that  coastal  ' s legal property  interest   was insufficient to file  the lawsuit   .  
 thus  ,   executives  have identified  a number  of  cash-raising alternatives  to  ipos   that  include  buy-outs  of  inactive shareholders  ;  recapitalizations  ;  employee stock ownership plans   ,   which  allow  the owners  to sell   interests   in  the company  to  employees  while deferring  capital-gains taxes  on  the proceeds  ; and  industrial joint ventures   ,   which  often link  a small company  developing  a new technology  with  a larger company  looking to exploit  that technology   .  
 as  the army  withheld  tax  of  $ 17 . 81   ,   he  may owe  none  ; but  the army  says  it  will repay  reservists  for   interest   paid on  any added tax   .  
 mortgage points  --   interest   paid in  advance  -- are n ' t reported by  recipients  to  the irs  now ; but  the house bill  would have  lenders  report  points  to foster  compliance   .  
 telerate inc .   said  a committee  of  independent directors  rejected as inadequate  an $ 18-a-share tender offer  from  dow jones  &  co .    ,   owner  of  a 67 %  interest   in  the electronic financial information services company   .  
 neil s .  hirsch   ,   president  and  chief executive officer  of  telerate   ,  said that  he  wo n ' t tender  any  of  his shares   ,  about  a 6 %  interest    ,  and that  no other telerate director  or  executive officer  intends to tender  any shares  in  the offer   .  
 the english economy  would collapse  ,  and  german  interest  rates  would therefore rise  .  
 according to  another executive  familiar with  the company   ,   mr .  hawkins   ,  in  a trip  to  london   a few weeks  ago  ,  expressed   interest   in  a share buy-back  using  the proceeds  from  the planned sale  of  saatchi  ' s consulting business   .  
 the announcement   ,  confirming  recent press reports   ,  makes  the anglo-french  partners  the first ferranti suitors  to declare  their  interest   publicly  .  
  '  '   ferranti chairman sir derek alun-jones  declined to identify  other potential bidders   ,  but  a ferranti statement  said ``  a large number  of  major u . k .   and  overseas defense  and  electronics companies   '  '  have expressed   interest   in  the company   .  
  '  '    thomson  ' s  interest   in  ferranti  is intense  .  
 french defense contractor matra s . a .   denied  any  interest   in  ferranti   ,  as did  st .  louis-based emerson electric co   .  
 the notes  are  zero-coupon securities  and will not pay   interest   periodically  .  
 series c bonds   ,   the  interest   on  which  is subject to  the tax   ,  include  current *interest serial bonds due 1992-1999   ,   capital appreciation bonds due 2005-2010  and  tender option bonds   ,   which  are not being reoffered  ,  due in  2021   .  
 pse inc .   said  it  exercised  its option  to purchase from  general electric capital corp .    a majority  interest   in  a waste heat recovery facility  in  port arthur   ,   texas   ,  for about  $ 40 million   .  
 integrated  ,   which  has been trying to avoid  a bankruptcy-law  filing since  it  failed to make   interest  payments  in  june  on nearly  $ 1 billion  of  debt   ,  would use  proceeds  from  the sale  of  the core businesses  to  restructure debt   .  
 the company   ,   which  also has   interests   in  insurance brokerage   ,  said that  it  is continuing  negotiations  with  whitehall  and that  it  is also `` engaged in  serious discussions   '  '  with  another bidder  that  it  did n ' t identify  .  
 mr .  spiotto  said that  he  hoped  the situation  could be resolved among  all creditors   ,  and that  a bankruptcy  filing would n ' t be in  anybody    ' s  interest    .  
 net  interest  income  --  income  from  fannie mae  ' s investment portfolio  minus  interest  paid on  borrowings  and  other related costs  -- rose to  $ 301 . 5 million  from  $ 217 . 2 million   the year  before  .  
 they  need  some good examples  of how to apply  the technology  if  they  are to pique  customers  '   interest    ,  lest  image-processing  become just  another solution  in  search  of  a problem   .  
 unisys   ,   which  has had  its problems  of  late   ,  said  the system  has already generated  considerable  interest    ,  even among  customers   that  do n ' t typically buy from  the company   .  
 weyerhaeuser  added that  jujo paper co .   of  japan  will increase  its equity  interest   in  north pacific paper  to  20 %  from  10 %   .  
 american maize  primarily has   interests   in  making corn syrups  and  starches   .  
 the dollar  shot higher while  stocks  and  bonds  retreated after  traders  interpreted  remarks  by  federal reserve chairman alan greenspan  to mean  the central bank  wo n ' t lower   interest  rates  to halt  the dollar  ' s rally   .  
 mr .  greenspan   ,  in  a prepared speech   ,  said governing  monetary policy  through  intermediate targets  for  exchange  and   interest  rates  may not coincide with  the fed  ' s long-term inflation-fighting goals   .  
 the bond market rally  came to  an abrupt halt yesterday  after  the federal reserve  sent  strong signals  that  it  is n ' t ready to relax   interest  rates   .  
 the fed  also has come under  pressure  from  the bush administration  to reduce   interest  rates  to bring down  the value  of  the dollar  and to steer  the economy  clear of  a recession   .  
 but yesterday  ,   fed chairman alan greenspan  suggested  that lower  interest  rates  may not be  the long-term solution  for  the strong dollar   .  
 speaking to  u . s .   and  soviet officials  in  moscow   ,   the fed chairman  warned that in setting  monetary policy   ,  ``  inordinate attention  to  some types  of  intermediate targets   ,   '  '  such as  the level  of  exchange rates  or   interest  rates   ,  `` may not promote  the attainment  of  long-term goals   .  
  '  '    his remarks  were interpreted by  credit market analysts  as  a sign  that  the fed  is unlikely to lower   interest  rates  based solely on  foreign exchange concerns   .  
 in  the corporate bond market   ,   some $ 2 . 47 billion  of  new debt  was issued yesterday as  companies  rushed to take  advantage  of  falling  interest  rates   .  
 even though  the report  helped to accelerate  the market  ' s downturn   ,   dealers  said  ,   prices  are depressed mainly by  the belief  that  the pound  will remain under  pressure  and that  the government  can do little to support  the currency  other than continue to raise   interest  rates   .  
 saatchi  &amp;  saatchi  fell  17 12  to  332  after  fininvest   ,   the milan   ,   italy   ,  holding  company  for  sylvio berlusconi  ' s media  interests    ,  said  it  acquired  a  ``  small stake   '  '  in  the international marketing group  for  investment purposes   .  
 traders  concluded that  a sharp reduction  in   interest  rates  now is unlikely  ,   mr .  savaiko  said  .  
 ``  what   he  said undid much of  the intervention efforts  { by  major central banks  }  last week   ,   '  '   which  attempted to send  the dollar  lower by selling  the u . s .  currency  in  the foreign exchange market  and  raising  interest  rates  in  europe   ,   mr .  savaiko  said  .  
 ``  our main  interest   was to put  the firm  out of  business  and  we  did  it  fairly quickly  ,   '  '   he  said  .  
 they  can swap  their loans  for  30-year bonds  with  a face value  discounted by  35 %   ,  swap  them  for  30-year par bonds  with  6 . 25 %  fixed   interest  rates  or provide  new money  equal to  25 %  of  their medium  - and  long-term exposure  over  four years   .  
 lin  is perceived as having  cellular properties  worth more than  those  in  small cities  such as  memphis  because  it  has   interests   in  large   ,  growing  markets  such as  new york   ,   los angeles  and  houston   .  
 anticipation  of  the data   ,  along with  hopes  for  lower  interest  rates   ,  had helped push  the stock  up nearly  8 % last week   .  
 artra group  said  a three-step recapitalization  by  its lori corp .  unit  will cut  lori  ' s annual  interest  expense  by  $ 3 million  and save  lori $ 2 million  annually in  preferred dividends   .  
 artra  said  the move  will yield  artra   a nonrecurring gain  of about  $ 3 million this year  and  $ 550 , 000  in  annual  interest  savings   .  
 star   ,   which  has  15 banking units   ,  said  the action was n ' t  taken in  response  to  any specific effort  to acquire  the company  and is n ' t intended to thwart  bids   that  are considered fair and in  the best  interests   of  the company  and  shareholders   .  
 mr .  greenspan   ,  speaking to  u . s .   and  soviet officials  at  the u . s .  ambassador  ' s residence  in  moscow   ,  warned that in setting  monetary policy  ``  inordinate attention  to  some types  of  intermediate targets   ,   '  '  such as  the immediate level  of  exchange rates  or   interest  rates   ,  `` may not promote  the attainment  of  long-term goals   .  
 he  said  the banks  may have lost  a  ``  golden opportunity   '  '  by not intervening more aggressively  last week  when  many european nations  raised  key  interest  rates   .  
 other analysts  noted that  mr .  greenspan  ' s comments  helped  the market shrug  off  fears   the fed  planned to ease  u . s .   interest  rates  soon  .  
 the  interest  rate  fell to  8 . 483 %  at  citicorp  ' s $ 50 million weekly auction  of  91-day commercial paper   ,  or  corporate ious   ,  from  8 . 793 %  at  last week  ' s sale   .  
 the transaction  will not include  the real estate  or  publishing  interests   of  a&amp;m   ,   which  was started  27 years  ago in  a garage  by  trumpet player herb alpert  and  partner jerry moss   .  
 executives  at  warner  have been angered by  the negotiations  to free  the producers   ,   a team  with  film  interests   including ``  batman   ,   '  '  ``  rain man   ,   '  '  and ``  gorillas  in  the mist   .  
 in  contrast  to  consumer cd  yields  ,   which  banks generally keep at  the same level  for  a week  at  a time   ,   jumbo cd yields  fluctuate daily to more accurately reflect  prevailing  interest  rates   .  
 skipper  ' s inc .   said that  national pizza co .   has expressed renewed   interest   in acquiring  the operator  of  seafood restaurants   .  
 the oil  and  natural gas exploration  and  production concern  is  operator  of  the well  with  a 60 %  interest   ;  exxon corp .   holds  the rest   .  
 the dollar  surged and  the stock  and  bond market rallies  fizzled after  fed chairman greenspan  indicated  the central bank  wo n ' t lower   interest  rates  to halt  the currency  ' s run-up   .  
  '  '    the bush administration  has been urging  the fed  to help bring down  the dollar  by lowering  short-term  interest  rates   .  
 horn  &amp;  hardart   ,   which  has  direct-marketing  and  restaurant businesses   ,  plans to use about  $ 20 million  of  proceeds  to buy back  the ownership  interests   in  five parcels  of  new york city property   .  
 taking  the passive   ,   hands-off approach  may unwittingly place  shareholders  '   interests   at  risk   .  
 profit  from  current operations  for  the first-six months   ,  after  payments  to  minority  interests    ,  came in at  220 . 6 million francs   ,  up from  157 . 3 million francs  in  the corresponding period  of  1988   .  
 they  say  they  represent  the  ``  public  interest    '  '  but  they  do n ' t do so badly for  their own *interests   ,  either  .  
 they  say  they  represent  the  ``  public *interest   '  '  but  they  do n ' t do so badly for  their own  interests    ,  either  .  
 among  other  interests    ,   the pritzkers control   the hyatt hotel chain   .  
 the florida session  is of  particular  interest   because of  a landmark florida supreme court  ruling  last week   that  struck down  a law  restricting  abortions   .  
 and  ,  ``  we  further startled  people  by saying  that gold  would subsequently recover and could go as high as  $ 3 , 750   an ounce  in  a few years  if  the then-rampant inflation  and  soaring  interest  rates  continued at  the same pace   ,   '  '   she  said  .  
 zero-coupon bonds  pay  no  interest   but are issued at  a deep discount   .  
 mr .  mcavity   ,   the toronto-based publisher  and  editor  of  the  ``  deliberations   '  '   newsletter  and  president  of  mvp capital corp .    ,   a mining finance concern  with   interests   in  40 gold  mining and  exploration firms   ,  said  his attachment  to  gold  is strong because ``  gold  is  the only currency   that  has  a 3 , 000-year history   .  
 ``  the willingness  of  west germany  to hike   interest  rates  by  100 basis points   ,   '  '   which   its central bank  did  last week   ,  `` indicates to  me  that  a real commitment  has been made to depress  the dollar   ,  far more than  any intervention measures   .  
 `` in  this connection   ,   '  '   the u . s .  auto maker  said  ,  ``  gm  is discussing  the possibility  of acquiring  a minority  interest   in  jaguar plc  to assist  jaguar  in remaining  an independent british-owned manufacturer   .  
 as  part  of  an ongoing restructuring program   ,   usx corp .   said  it  sold  its equity  interests   in  three south african companies   that  produce  raw materials  that  no longer  were essential to  its operations   .  
 usx  said  its usx holdings inc .  unit  had held  non-controlling  interests   in  those companies  since  1968   .  
 proceeds  will be used to reduce  debt   ,   which  will `` take  the bank pressure  away and reduce   interest  payments   .  
  '  '    paul stuart  also promised to honor  the skip-a-month payment plan  (   interest   would accrue ) `` for  those  of  you   who  decide to take  advantage  of  the offer   .  
 monday   ,   october 9   ,   1989    the key u . s .   and  foreign annual  interest  rates  below are  a guide  to  general levels  but do n ' t always represent  actual transactions   .  
 the loss  also included about  $ 5 . 6 million  of   interest  expenses   .  
 the average total return   ,  including  both price changes  and   interest  income   ,  of  28 junk muni funds  tracked by  lipper analytical services inc .   was  9 . 29 %  ;  the return  on  24 insured muni funds  averaged  8 . 89 %   .  
 on  a $ 10 , 000 investment   ,  for  example   ,   half percentage point  represents  a difference  of only  $ 50   a year  in   interest  income   .  
  '  '    total return   ,  including  price changes  and   interest  income   ,  for  municipal bond mutual funds  in  periods  ending  sept .  30   .  
 lacking  voting representation  in  congress   ,   puerto rico  has for  years  retained politically  potent lobbyists  to defend  its  interests   here  .  
 john lipsky   ,   an international economist  at  salomon brothers  in  london   ,  said  the boost  in  british  interest   rates  last week was n ' t  enough to increase  the pound  ' s appeal  relative to  other currencies   .  
 the currency  ' s weakness  helped amplify  market concerns  over  rising  interest  rates  and  a possible recession   .  
 analysts  fear that  a continued slide  in  the pound   ,  along with  the current high  interest  rates   ,  could put  britain  back in  its high-inflation   ,   low-growth predicament  of  the 1970s   .  
 building stocks  were battered by  last week  ' s jump  in   interest  rates   .  
 but  dealers  said  it  was getting  support  from  general  interest   in  the airline sector  after  u . s .  investor donald trump  ' s bid last week  for  american airlines   .  
 traders  said  the market  had absorbed  the impact  of  last week  ' s increases  in   interest  rates  in  europe   .  
 total return  measures  price changes  plus   interest  income   .  
 the performance  has sparked  a mild resurgence  in  investor  interest   in  foreign government bonds   ,   which  tend to rise in  value  when  the dollar  weakens  ,  making  foreign securities  worth more in  dollar terms   .  
 in  their latest dollar attack   ,   many european central  banks  last week  raised   interest  rates   .  
 among  other things   ,   mr .  prapas  contends that  most foreign  interest  rates  have probably  peaked   ,   inflation  abroad appears under  control   ,  and  economic growth  there is beginning to slow down  ,   conditions   that  should boost  the price  of  foreign government bonds   .  
 the gains  were most pronounced in  the short end  of  the market  on  growing speculation  that  the federal reserve  could soon lower   interest  rates  to counter  fresh signs  of  economic weakness   .  
 expectations  of  falling  interest  rates  were sparked by  friday  ' s release  of  weaker-than-expected september employment data   .  
 meanwhile  ,   the fed  ' s efforts  to wring  inflationary pressures  from  the economy  by  keeping  interest  rates  high has increased  the burden  of  most corporate *interest payments   .  
 meanwhile  ,   the fed  ' s efforts  to wring  inflationary pressures  from  the economy  by  keeping *interest rates  high has increased  the burden  of  most corporate  interest  payments   .  
 profit-taking  made  its presence  felt in  the broad market  in  early  trading as  prices  drifted to  session lows   ,  but   interest   in  blue chips  and  technology issues   ,  including  ibm   ,  provided  the catalyst  for  stocks  to reverse  course   .  
 some critics  believe that  the world bank  is ``  round-tripping   '  '   funds   ,  or  lending money  to pay   interest   in  the guise  of  controversial  ``  structural adjustment   '  '   loans   ,  in  order  to keep down  the arrearages  in  its loan portfolio   .  
 the idea  that  money-center banks  are ``  statesmen   '  '  with  world obligations   that  take  precedence  over  their shareholders  '   interests   is extremely dangerous to  our free banking system   .  
 he  believes that  investor  interest   might broaden to  the second-tier stocks  in  the sector   ,  if  such leading issues  as  microsoft  and  intel  continue to do well  .  
 first  executive   ,   which  has attracted  the  interest   of  two investment partnerships  recently  ,  slipped  5  to  12 3   .  
 jaguar  ' s american depositary receipts  slid  1  to  10 7  on  volume  of  3 . 4 million  after  the british car maker  said that  general motors  is considering taking  a minority  interest   in  the company   .  
 the british company  has interpreted  ford  ' s  interest   as  a prelude  to  a hostile takeover bid   .  
 a spokeswoman  told  dow jones professional investor report  that  a presentation  by  managers  at  an investment conference last week  may have generated   interest   in  the stock   .  
 market participants  said  the pound  is suffering  a delayed reaction  to  last week  ' s coordinated  interest  rate increases  in  europe   ,   which  pushed  britain  ' s base lending rate  up  a full percentage point  to  15 %   ,   the highest level  since  1982   .  
 according to  analysts   ,   concern  has gripped  the market  that  britain  ' s high  interest  rate policy  will prompt  a recession   ,   which  could leave  the pound  vulnerable to  an  even  steeper decline   .  
 ``  traders  are disillusioned with  the  interest  rate hike  and beginning to realize that  we   ' re seeing  a decaying  {  united kingdom  }  economy   ,   '  '  said  scott greene   ,   chief dealer  at  bank julius baer  &amp;  co   .  
 but  traders  said  bidding  for  the dollar  is firm  ,  despite   interest  rate increases  in  europe   that  were expected to depress  the u . s .  unit  by drawing  funds  away from  dollar-denominated instruments   .  
 ``  that  and  the  interest   from  the corporate sector   .  
 the total cost  of  the bailout   ,  including   interest    ,  is expected to be roughly  $ 166 billion  over  10 years   .  
 industry analysts  say that if  resolution trust issues notes   that  carry  the full faith  and  credit  of  the u . s .  government   ,   which  would allow  it  to pay  the lowest possible  interest  rate   ,   the amount  of  the notes  would count as  federal outlays  and deepen  the budget deficit   .  
 high  interest  rates   ,  for  example   ,  had stifled housing and discouraged  business spending   .  
 the union pacific officials  said  the earnings decline  largely reflects  additional  interest  expense  related to  a share-repurchase program   .  
 the redemption   ,  pursuant to  a mandatory sinking fund   ,  is at  par   ,  plus accrued   interest    .  
 if  this  continues  ,   u . s .   interests   could be hurt  .  
 the saudi bad-neighbor policy  hurts  u . s .   interests   too  .  
 washington  should not remain  idle  when  saudi policies  hurt  our   ,  as well as  their own   ,    interests    .  
 bce inc .   is  a montreal-based holding company  with   interests   in  telecommunications   ,   gas  and  natural resources   .  
 the cellular phone company   ,   which  has  gas distribution operations  in  florida   ,  said  the proposed facility  consists of  a four-year revolving credit  and  a subsequent six-year term loan   ,  with  annual  interest   running at between  prime  and  prime  plus  1 . 25 percentage points   ,  depending on  the balance  outstanding  .  
 in  both previous cases   ,  ``  representatives  of  the school  ' s athletic  interests    ,   '  '   i . e .    ,   boosters   ,  were involved  .  
 national city corp .   is having  a strong profit year  because of  a wider-than-normal spread  in   interest  rates  and  good economic conditions  in  its ohio  and  kentucky service area   ,   edward b .  brandon   ,   chairman  and  chief executive officer   ,  said  .  
 the spread  between  national city  ' s  interest  income  on  loans  and  its cost  of  funds  was particularly favorable in  the first   half   ,   officials  said  .  
 however  ,   it  will be  difficult next year  to show  an improvement  in  the  interest  margin  between  loan rates  and  the cost  of  funds   ,  said  mr .  daberko   ,   who  is responsible for banking  operations   .  
 the federal reserve board  in  the 1989 first   half  kept  short-term  interest  rates  relatively high in  relation  to  intermediate  and  longer rates   ,   he  said  .  
 many  of  national city  ' s commercial  and  consumer loans  have  variable rates  tied to  prime  or  other short-term  interest  rates   ,   he  said  .  
 auto companies  '  finance subsidiaries  appear to be increasing  their share  of  the auto-financing business   ,  partly through  below-market  interest  rates   ,   he  said  .  
 harcourt  emphasized that  cash flow  from publishing and  insurance operations  will be `` entirely sufficient to pay  cash  interest  obligations  for  the foreseeable future   .  
  '  '   it  said  operating profit  from  parks  would be about  $ 65 million  for  1989   ,  whereas  the  interest  savings  in selling  the parks  is about  $ 115 million   .  
 ``  we   ' re giving up  $ 75 million  in  cash flow  but picking up  $ 115 million  in  reduced  interest  expense   .  
 integrated has been trying to avoid  a bankruptcy-law  filing since  it  failed to make   interest  payments  in  june  on nearly  $ 1 billion  of  debt   .  
 students   ,  chanting `` hey  ,  hey  ,  ho  ,  ho  ,   western civ  has got to go  ,   '  '  charged that  the reading list  reflected  the values  of  a white male   ,   western power structure  and demanded  books   that  recognized  the  interests   of  women   ,   minorities  and  the third world   .  
 the toy maker  also said  a group   that  currently owns  19 . 5 %  of  tonka  ' s shares  said in  an sec  filing that  the group  ' s  ``   interests   will be best served in exploring  opportunities   '  '  to sell  all  or  part  of  its tonka stock   .  
 but  tonka  said  the group   ,   which  includes  tonka vice chairman gordon l .  bramah   ,  also said  it  may acquire  more shares  on  its own  or with  others  `` with  a view  toward obtaining  a controlling  interest   in  the company   .  
 the government  ' s moves  came  a week  after  mr .  pocklington  missed  a c$ 400 , 000  interest  payment  on  the c$ 6 million government loan  and failed for  the second time  in  four months  to meet  a construction start-up deadline  for  the proposed c$ 22 million pork plant   .  
 bill krause   ,   3com chairman  and  chief executive officer   ,  said  he  talked with  digital communications  after receiving  the letter  `` to make  sure they  had  no  interest   in  a business arrangement   .  
 if  ,  as  traders fear   ,   stock baskets  attract  little customer  interest    ,   that  would leave  market makers less room  to get out of  unwanted positions   .  
 he  said  merrill lynch  and  kidder peabody  still have  an  interest   in  becoming market makers   .  
 a group  of  big board floor brokers   ,   the alliance  of  floor brokers   ,  already have fired off  a testy memorandum  to  the sec  criticizing  the stock basket  as  risky  and not in  the  interest   of  the public   .  
 he  forced  the european airline  to reduce  its planned investment   ,  saying that  it  contravened  the spirit  of  the federal aviation laws   that  prohibit  foreigners  from owning more than  a 25 % voting  interest   in  u . s .  airlines  and  that  say  the carriers  must be controlled by  u . s .  citizens   .  
 with  the nation  still running  big trade  and  budget deficits   ,   such investments  help hold down   interest  rates   .  
 ``  we  are basically for as  much open investment  as  possible   ,  so long as  it  does not create  a problem  for  our national security  or  our strategic  interests    ,   '  '   u . s .  trade representative carla hills  told  members  of  congress last week  when  she  was asked about  mr .  skinner  ' s moves   .  
 the dutch   ,  while stepping up  their  interest   in  u . s .  airlines   ,  already control  the parent  of  u . s . -based shell oil co   .  
 friday   ,   october 6   ,   1989    the key u . s .   and  foreign annual  interest  rates  below are  a guide  to  general levels  but do n ' t always represent  actual transactions   .  
 if  american  elects to compete economically with  mr .  trump  in  a recapitalization   ,  such as  a stock buy-back  with  a special dividend  financed with  new debt   ,   it  would then be difficult to make  the political argument  that  excessive airline debt levels  violate  the public  interest    .  
  interest   at  1 point  below  the three-month vienna interbank  offered  rate  ;  three billion schillings  is  an international tranche  with  credit suisse first boston ltd .   as  coordinator   .  
  interest  rates  generally have been declining since  last spring   ,  despite  a few upward blips  in  recent weeks   .  
 if   interest  rates  do continue downward  ,  yields on  money-market accounts  and  money funds  will decline  ,  too  .  
 as with  most recent first ladies   ,   mrs .  bush  has taken  a special  interest   in  one issue   .  
 in  her case   ,   it  is  literacy   ,   an issue   that  combines  her personal  interest   with  a sense  of  political savvy   .  
 with  five children   ,  including  one son   who  struggled with  dyslexia   ,   she  had always had  an  interest   in  education   .  
 the federal reserve  is resisting  domestic  and  international pressure  to reduce   interest  rates  to bring down  the dollar   ,  causing  escalating tension  between  it  and  the bush administration   .  
 signs  of  a weakening economy   ,  such as  friday  ' s report  that  the unemployment rate  rose in  september   ,  still may lead  the central bank  to  lower  interest  rates  in  the coming weeks   .  
 but  the fed  sets   interest  rate policy   ,   which  can cause much larger and  more lasting movements  in  exchange rates   .  
 lower  interest  rates  reduce  upward pressure  on  the dollar  by  making dollar securities  less attractive to  foreign investors   .  
 european central banks  also helped relieve  upward pressure  on  the dollar  by raising  their  interest   rates  last week   .  
  '  '    mr .  johnson  has been  a consistent advocate  of  lowering  interest  rates  to help  the domestic economy   .  
  '  '    the  newly released  fed minutes  also disclose that  the central bank  ' s policy-making open-market committee  voted  10-1  at  its aug .  22 meeting  to leave  monetary policy  unchanged but to lean toward  lower  interest  rates  if  economic conditions  warranted  .  
 several companies  and  individuals  have expressed   interest   in purchasing  the principal assets  of  the company   ,   it  said  .  
 despite  this year  ' s spectacular rallies  in  the stock  and  bond markets  -- including  a record  high for  the dow jones industrial average  and  a one-percentage-point drop  in   interest  rates  --  the good times  have n ' t returned  .  
 james harmon   ,   a 30-year veteran  of  the securities business  and  chairman  of  wertheim schroder  &  co .    ,  says  ,  ``  wall street today  generally has placed {  the pursuit  of }  its own fees  above  the best  interests   of  its clients   .  
 the economy  ' s unexpected sluggishness  and  the dollar  ' s continued strength  are likely to force  the federal reserve  to cut   interest  rates  in coming  weeks   ,   analysts  say  .  
 thus  ,   many investment managers  are buying mainly  shorter-term issues   ,   those due  in  five years  or  less   ,  because  they  think  long-term  interest  rates  wo n ' t fall as much as  short-term rates   .  
 he  expects  the fed  to drive down  the  interest  rate  on  federal funds   ,  or  overnight loans  among  banks   ,  to  8 34 %  from  9 %  in coming  weeks   .  
 `` and  that  certainly increases  the odds  that   interest  rates  will move  lower  soon  .  
  interest  rates  tumbled on  news  that  the september employment report  showed  unexpected economic weakness   .  
 short-term  interest  rates  fell especially sharply  .  
 once  the paper work  is finished  ,   the underwriter  escorts  the company  ' s executives  around  the country  to  drum  up   interest   in  its shares   .  
 a sharp rise  in  european  interest   rates  last week  over and above  increases  throughout  this year  could crimp  metals demand   ,   dealers  say  .  
 the combination  of  higher costs  for  the raw materials  and  the strain  of  high real  interest  rates  leave  consumers  with  little choice  but to keep  raw material inventories  as low as  possible   ,   dealers  say  .  
 looking ahead to  commodity markets   this week  :   copper    traders  will be watching  today  ' s london metal exchange  ' s report  on  copper stocks  in  its warehouses  with  more  than  the usual  interest    .  
 and  their  interest   in  stocks was n ' t  fully restored until  it  became  apparent  in  1988  that  the crash  would n ' t send  the economy  into  a recession   .  
 instead of looking at   interest  rates   ,   inflation  and  earnings projections   ,   the leveraged  buy-out and  merger offers   that  drove  the stock market  were based on how  much cash   a target company  could generate to pay off  the loans   that  financed  the acquisition   .  
 friday  ' s market activity    optimism  about  the prospects  for  lower  interest  rates  helped push  the dow jones industrial average  up  11 . 96  to  for  the week   ,   the dow industrials  climbed  92 . 70 points  --  the biggest weekly point advance  since  114 . 86 points  in  the week  ended  june 3   ,   1988   .  
 there  was  speculation  that  the federal reserve  would soon take  another step  to lower   interest  rates   .  
 chevron  continued  its climb  on  takeover  and  restructuring speculation   ,  including  rumors  that  british petroleum  may be accumulating  the shares  and may have  an  interest   in buying  the company  ' s west coast oil refineries   .  
 the fed  is resisting  pressure  to cut   interest  rates   ,  though  analysts  say  a reduction  is likely in coming  weeks  because of  the economy  ' s unexpected sluggishness  and  the dollar  ' s continued strength   .  
 they  have piled on  $ 1 . 3 billion  of  debt   ,  much of  it  falling due in  the short term   ,  and effectively have been borrowing to pay   interest   and  dividends   .  
 in  1991   ,   northrop  must pay  lenders $ 180 million   ,  along with  annual  interest   of about  $ 120 million   .  
 but  richard goldberg   ,   an attorney  for  the partnership group   ,  noted that  the shares  were trading `` in  the low $ 4s   '  '  before  the group  ' s original offer  and that  the stock  might fall if  the partnership  loses   interest    .  
 analysts  said  fear  of  higher  interest  rates  prompted  investors  to sell  large-capitalization issues   ,   which  are driven by  excess liquidity  in  the market   ,  in  favor  of  smaller companies   .  
 but  a surge  of  buying  interest   in  jaguar  and  saatchi  &amp;  saatchi  materialized to push  prices  up  .  
  '  '    some players  said  the rise  in   interest  rates   ,  though  undesirable   ,  will help to damp  u . k .  inflationary pressures   .  
 `` if {  chancellor  of  the exchequer nigel  }  lawson  is going to use  the high  interest  rate medicine   ,   he  might as well make  the tonic strong   ,   '  '   one dealer  said  .  
 guinness  climbed  25  to  597  on  followthrough  buying after  a strong interim earnings  report  thursday  and on  the growing perception  that  its 24 % beneficial  interest   in  french luxury goods maker louis vuitton moet hennessey  will prove  a good investment   .  
 bullish dollar sentiment  appears to be strong enough to survive  any gradual reduction  in  u . s .   interest  rates   .  
 meanwhile  ,   many government-bond funds  found  their portfolio values  eroded by  rising  interest  rates   .  
  '  '    investors  managed to eke out  a positive total return  --  price change  plus   interest  income  -- only because of  the *interest checks they  received in  the quarter   .  
 if   interest  payments  are included  ,   their losses  narrowed to  1 . 27 %  -- still  the worst quarter  in nearly  two years   .  
 rising   interest  rates   ,  meanwhile  ,  battered  government funds   ,   whose value  fell  an average  of  1 . 37 %  for  the quarter  before  *interest payments   .  
 (  values  of  most government bond funds  fall as   interest  rates  rise  .  
 )   hardest hit  :  zero-coupon bond funds   ,   which  invest in  bonds  sold at  a deep discount  and do n ' t pay  any  interest   until  they  mature  .  
 with   interest  rates  rising  a bit  during  the quarter   ,   those funds  with  shortest maturities  -- and hence  least *interest-rate risk-benefited  most  .  
 the major reason  : expected  softening  of  the economy   ,  accompanied by  lower  interest  rates   .  
 this bet  will backfire  ,  of  course   ,  if   interest  rates  rise further instead  .  
 the army  did allow that  congress  gives  him   $ 5 million   a year  to  train civilians  `` so  they  can function in  the national  interest   in  case  of  war   ,   '  '  apparently on  the assumption  that  the next war  will involve  rifles  rather than  missiles   .  
 given  a slowing  in  the growth  of  personal income   ,  continued  high personal debt levels  and  high  interest  rates   ,   durable-goods sales  are likely to continue to be sluggish  ,   he  added  .  
 the dallas company  attributed  the gains  to  strong  interest   in  women  ' s sportswear  and  back-to-school merchandise   .  
 non-steel  interests    ,   which  currently contribute  3 . 5 billion marks  to  group sales   ,  are planned to rise to  5  to  6 billion marks  by  the mid-1990s   ,   mr .  gienow  said  .  
 the company  holds  this view  despite declining  prices  in  several steel product areas  and despite  britain  ' s high  interest  rates   .  
 ``  there  has been   interest   in acquiring  b .  altman  &amp;  co .   since  january   ,   '  '   mr .  sigoloff  said in  an interview   .  
  '  '   in  houston   ,   robert sakowitz   ,   chief executive  of  sakowitz inc .    ,  said  he  is continuing to discuss  the possibility  of buying  l . j .  hooker  ' s majority  interest   in  the specialty chain   .  
 l . j .  hooker  has already sold  its majority  interest   in  parisian inc .    ,   a southern department store chain   ,  to  management   .  
 the firm  has been racing to complete  the transaction  by  its oct .  15 deadline  to avoid  a bankruptcy  filing  ,  after having failed to make   interest  payments  in  june  on nearly  $ 1 billion  of  debt   .  
 at  sept .  30   ,   fedders  had  no short-term debt   ,  and  long-term debt  was around  $ 53 million  at  an average  interest  rate  of  9 . 3 %   ,  leaving ``  ample borrowing capacity   ,   '  '   the executive  said  .  
 maxus energy corp .   said  it  sold  a 10 %  interest   in  a production-sharing contract  in  indonesia  to  repsol exploracion s . a .   of  spain  for about  $ 100 million   .  
 the oil  and  gas concern  said  the sale  lowered  its  interest   in  the contract  to  24 . 3 %  from  34 . 3 %   ,  while increasing  repsol  ' s *interest  to  12 . 45 %   .  
 the oil  and  gas concern  said  the sale  lowered  its *interest  in  the contract  to  24 . 3 %  from  34 . 3 %   ,  while increasing  repsol  ' s  interest   to  12 . 45 %   .  
 ``  this sale  allows  us  to retain  a sizable  interest   in  the northwest java contract area   ,  while increasing  our financial flexibility   ,   '  '  said  charles blackburn   ,   chairman  and  chief executive  of  maxus   .  
  '  '    whatever   the case   ,   public  interest   in  herbal medicine  is rising  .  
  '  '   there  are  many more people  than  the media  cover working as  brokers   ,   advisers  and  planners   ,   who  absolutely keep  their clients  '  best  interests    a priority  and actively live  exemplary ethical lives   .  
  '  '    loan pricing   ,   a private firm   that  sells  data  on  the commercial loan market   ,  cited  higher  interest  rates  on  junk bonds  as  one factor   that  is causing  more borrowers  to turn to  short-term bank loans   .  
 the well-publicized troubles  of  some large issuers  of  high-yield corporate bonds  have sent   interest  rates  for  such issues  climbing to  new highs  relative to  government debt   .  
 declining  after-tax profits   ,   higher corporate  interest  payments  and  moderating spending  by  consumers  will retard  growth  in  businesses  '  cash flow  in  1990   ,  according to  the forecast   .  
 but  others  look for  the federal reserve  to ease  short-term  interest  rates  soon  ,  giving  stocks   another upward boost   .  
 the u . s .  currency  dropped  briefly  yesterday after  west germany  ' s bundesbank  announced  it  was pushing   interest  rates  up  a full percentage point   ,  but quickly recovered and moved  higher   .  
 he  started to push against  the powerful owners  of  alcohol mills   who  had been using  their political influence  to withhold   interest  payments  to  the state bank   .  
 the beauty  of  brazilian corporativism  is that  political alliances  can be made among  socialists  and  capitalists   who  share  the mutual goal  of maintaining  their protected  interests    .  
  '  '   he  also said  he  expects   interest  rates  to drop further  ,  `` and  that  usually works to  everyone    ' s favor   .  
  '  '   he  attributed that  activity  to  a drop  in   interest  rates   .  
  interest   on  bonds  due in  2022   ,   which  are  series 11   ,  is subject to  the tax   .  
 capital citiesabc video enterprises inc .    ,  for  example   ,  recently bought  a sizable minority  interest   in  telemunchen   ,   a west german production company   ,  and is believed to be looking at  similar investments  in  france  and  spain   .  
 in  the  interest   of  uniformity   ,   a large part  of  it  is likely to be federal  .  
 the supply  is  the highest  since  1983   ,  when more than  10 , 000 houses  clogged  the market  because of  high  interest  rates   .  
  '  '    mr .  gates   ,   46 years  old  ,  is  a native kansan   who  developed  a deep  interest   in  eastern europe  and  the soviet union  in  college   .  
 despite  his long  interest   in  the soviet union   ,   mr .  gates  could n ' t actually visit  the country  until  this year   ,  when  he  left  the intelligence business  and moved into  his new role  as  mr .  scowcroft  ' s deputy   .  
 some u . s .   and  european bankers  have argued that  the proposed settlement  does n ' t include  sufficient enhancements  --  government  and  international agency funds   ,   assurances  and guarantees -- to compensate  them  for  losses they  have to take if  they  opt to offer  mexico cuts  in  its debt  or   interest  payments   .  
 the proposed agreement  gives  banks   the option  of  cutting debt  or   interest  payments  or providing  new loans   .  
 officials  at  cbs inc .   and  capital citiesabc inc .   said  their stations  have n ' t expressed  an  interest   in moving  prime time   .  
 the remainder  is for  debt  interest    .  
 the underlying bill  provides  an estimated $ 592 million  for  the agricultural research service  and is laced with  parochial  interests    .  
 the boston-based utility  said  it  instructed  its trustee  to offer to buy  the bonds  at  a price  not exceeding  par  plus accrued   interest   to  the purchase date   .  
 bears  say  harcourt  ' s cash annual  interest  bill  is about  $ 155 million   .  
 and  those figures  do n ' t include   interest   on more than  $ 600 million  in  zero-coupon bonds  and  pay-in-kind bonds  ( with  *interest  paid in  the form  of  additional securities  )  .  
 harcourt  will start  paying cash  interest   on  those  in  several years   .  
 an official  at  first boston   ,   which  structured  harcourt  ' s recapitalization   ,  says that `` after applying  the proceeds  of  the park sale   ,   hbj  should have  no problem  meeting  its  interest   and  principal payments   .  
 the only democrat   who   ' s expressed  any  interest   at  all   ,   mr .  janson  says  ,  is  a pharmacist   who  works  nights   .  
 news  of  mr .  trump  ' s  interest   in  amr   ,   which  had been rumored for  weeks   ,  sparked  a revival  of buying in  several other issues  surrounded by  takeover  or  restructuring speculation   .  
 analysts  attributed  the lack  of  direction  partly to  uncertainty  about  the effects  of  a round  of   interest  rate increases  in  west germany  and  several other european countries   .  
  interest   in  takeover stocks  boosted  hilton hotels   ,   which  jumped  4  to  109 5  on  talk  of  an imminent bid  for  the company   .  
 in  earlier statements   ,   rosewood  has denied  any takeover  interest    ,  saying  it  merely wants  more influence  in  the company  to enhance  shareholder values   .  
 bond prices  surged on  the strength  of  the dollar   ,   which  climbed on  foreign exchange markets  despite  a sharp rise  in  foreign  interest  rates   .  
 england  ' s central bank  signaled  a rise  in   interest  rates   ,  causing  barclays bank plc  and  other large commercial banks  to raise  their base  lending  rates  to  15 %  from  14 %   .  
 }   interest  rates   ,   '  '  said  mickey levy   ,   chief economist  at  first fidelity bank corp .    ,   philadelphia   .  
 robert shapiro   ,   executive vice president  and  head  of  the new-issue department  at  shearson lehman hutton inc .    ,  said  the offering  attracted  broad investor  interest   and was quickly snapped up  .  
 foreign bonds    foreign government bonds  closed unchanged to modestly lower after  the bundesbank  raised   interest  rates   .  
 bond dealers  in  several countries  said  foreign bonds  did n ' t  fall  sharply because   interest  rate hikes  were widely expected and had been factored into  the market   .  
 open  interest  figures  released by  the coffee   ,   sugar  &amp;  cocoa exchange  showed  an increase  of  3 , 420 contracts   ,  raising  the total open *interest  for  sugar  to  156 , 806 contracts   .  
 open  interest   is  the number  of  contracts   that  have to be either nullified by  an opposite trade  or fulfilled by  delivery  of  the commodity   .  
 international business machines corp .   and  geographic systems corp .   said  ibm  agreed to acquire  an equity  interest   in  geographic systems   ,   green bay   ,   wis .    ,   a maker  of  geographic information systems solutions   .  
 thursday   ,   october 5   ,   1989    the key u . s .   and  foreign annual  interest  rates  below are  a guide  to  general levels  but do n ' t always represent  actual transactions   .  
 the dollar  strengthened despite   interest  rate increases  in  europe  and continued  dollar-selling  by  central banks   .  
 `` here in  europe   ,   everybody  was expecting  the bundesbank  to raise   interest  rates  ;  a full point  was  a surprise   ,  but that  something  had to be done was clear to  everybody   ,   '  '  said  aloys bischofberger   ,   chief economist  for  credit suisse  in  zurich   .  
 while  japan  ' s central bank  is willing to let  market  interest  rates  edge higher  ,   they  contend that  the ruling liberal democratic party  ' s political status  remains too delicate to risk  upsetting  either  japan  ' s economic growth  or  its stock market  with  higher official *interest rates   .  
 supporting  the dollar  in  the face  of  the central banks  '  efforts  to tame  it  are  a strong u . s .  economy   ,  still relatively  high u . s .   interest  rates  compared with  those  in  germany  and  japan   ,  and  foreigners  '  notion  that  the u . s .    ,  as  mr .  dennis  of  james capel  put  it   ,  `` appears very stable politically in  a world   that  appears very unstable  this year   .  
 buoyed by  such deals  as  sony corp .   ' s purchase  of  columbia pictures entertainment inc .   and  dai-ichi kangyo bank ltd .   ' s purchase  of  a 60 %  interest   in  cit group holdings inc .    ,   japanese overseas acquisitions  totaled  $ 7 . 36 billion  in  september   ,  up sharply from  $ 2 . 92 billion   a year  earlier  .  
 that figure  does n ' t include  attorney  ' s fees  and   interest  costs   .  
 opec  and  the 12-nation community  share  an  interest   in  stability  and in avoiding  the oil-price surges  of  previous years   ,   the indonesian official  said  .  
 in  tokyo   ,    interest  rate worries  were muted and  stocks  rolled up  their second consecutive gain   ,  helped by  institutional  and  investment trust fund  buying near  the close   .  
  '  '   according to  traders   ,   the rate rise  heightened already  strong fears  that  u . k .  corporate profits  will be harmed by  high  interest  rates   .  
 ``  the market  ca n ' t go on making out  that higher  interest  rates  are n ' t going to seriously harm  a lot  of  companies  '  earnings   ,   '  '   one dealer  said  .  
 concern  over  currency fluctuations  and  expectations  of  the west german  interest  rate increase  encouraged  investors  to `` get on and then off quickly on  one issue  after  another   ,   '  '   a trader  at  dai-ichi securities  said  ,  describing  an aggressive desire  to take  profits  quickly  .  
 sugar refiners  attracted buying   interest   after  a local news report  pointed out  an improvement  in  sugar prices  over  the past few months   .  
 the state-controlled commercial bank group  said  group profit  rose to  1 . 49 billion francs  (  $ 233 . 2 million  ) from  1 . 24 billion francs   a year  earlier  ,  and was ahead  16 %  after  payments  to  minority  interests   at  1 . 37 billion francs   .  
 pressure  on   interest  rates  and  stiff competition  held  net *interest income  from  these loans  to  12 . 05 billion francs   ,  however  ,  up only  6 %  from  a year  earlier  .  
 profit  after  taxes  and  minority  interests   and before  special items  rose  36 %  to #  168 million  from  # 123 million   ,  with  earnings  per  share  rising to  17 . 9 pence  from  13 . 5 pence   .  
 the west german bundesbank  raised  its official  interest  rates  by  a full percentage point   each  in  a determined effort  to boost  the mark  and  cool  off  europe  ' s largest economy  before  inflationary pressures  multiply  .  
 the full-point increases  lift  west germany  ' s benchmark  interest  rates  to  their highest level  since  1982   ,  when  its economy  was still struggling to emerge from  the last recession   .  
 the sources  said that  the plan  under  discussion  envisions  sony  swapping  columbia  ' s  interest   in  the burbank studio  for  the old metro-goldwyn-mayer lot  in  culver city   ,   calif .    ,   which   warner  acquired  two years  ago with  its purchase  of  lorimar telepictures corp   .  
 the filing  says  guber peters  told  sony  that over  the next three years   ,   it  expects  revenue  of  $ 50 million  from  its  interests   in  the films  ``  batman   ,   '  '  ``  rainman   ,   '  '  and ``  gorillas  in  the mist   .  
 sony  said  it  will establish  a bonus pool  for  mr .  guber  and  mr .  peters  and up to  three other executives  based on  a percentage  of  the amount  by  which   columbia  ' s profits  exceed  $ 200 million  before   interest    ,   depreciation  and  taxes   .  
 profits  before   interest    ,   taxes  and  depcreciation  is generally referred to as  cash flow  in  the motion-picture business   .  
 ima  has  four times  extended  its tender offer  for  american medical   ,  saying  it  is awaiting  congressional action  on  a proposal   that  could eliminate  the tax deductibility  of  certain  interest  payments  on  original-issue discounts  of  debt securities  used to finance  the offer   .  
 the food producer  and  real estate developer  said  the notes   ,   which  were sold at  a discount   ,  would be redeemed at  100 %  of  the principal amount  plus accrued   interest   of  $ 20  per  $ 1 , 000 note  for  the period sept .  1  to  nov .  1   .  
 dallas-based amr  indicated  yesterday  that  it  intends to remain  independent   ,  and  ,  signaling that  it  may seek help from  congress  on  public-policy grounds   ,  warned that ``  excess levels  of  debt  in  the airline industry  are not in  the public  interest    .  
 `` but if  you  do  that  to  an airline   ,   it   ' s  a real blow  to  the public  interest    .  
 analysts  said  mr .  trump  ' s bid  equals  the levels  of  the successful bids  for  northwest  and  united   ,  namely more than  six times earnings  before   interest    ,   taxes   ,  and  depreciation   .  
  '  '  but  he  warned that ``  immediate rejection  and  vilification   '  '  of  him   might n ' t  be in  the  interests   of  shareholders   ,  noting that  amr  does n ' t pay  a stock dividend   .  
  '  '    the company  added that  amr  `` continues to believe that  excess levels  of  debt  in  the airline industry  are not in  the public  interest    .  
 the company  defaulted in   interest  payments  in  sept   .  
 the pound  ' s relentless slide  stirred  the bank  of  england  to mount  a global-market intervention  and may soon force  british chancellor  of  the exchequer nigel lawson  to push through  another increase  in  british  interest  rates  --  the 11th  since  june 1988   .  
 behind  the turmoil  is  an expected decision today  by  the west german bundesbank  to boost  key  interest  rates   .  
 if  the bank  of  england  ' s market interventions  do n ' t shore up  the relative value  of  sterling   ,  ``  the only thing   he    ' s  got left is   interest  rates   ,   '  '  said  shearson lehman hutton analyst adam bennett   .  
 mr .  lawson  has attacked  this problem  by  raising  interest  rates  so  consumers  buy  fewer goods  from abroad  .  
 the peril  is that  continuous  ratcheting up of   interest  rates  will produce  a more punishing downturn  than  the government  wants  .  
 but  it  reasoned that  lawyers  should be liable for  emotional distress  when  their clients  have  a substantial emotional  interest   at  stake   .  
 because   interest  rates  on  credit  are prohibitive  ,   he  often forgoes  fertilizers  and instead relies on  crop rotation  to help restore  nutrients  to  the soil  :  some fields  are planted with  soy   ,   wheat   ,   corn  and  sunflower  for  several years   ,  and then returned to pasture for  the cattle   .  
 the second  is  the willingness  of  the u . s . s . r .   to commit  itself  to  the discipline  of  confining government deficits  to  the level  limited by  the gold payments  of  principal  and   interest   required of  the gold bonds   .  
 this  means that  the current domestic deficit  must be financed with  bonds   ,   which  of  course  become readily marketable in  moscow   ,   leningrad   ,   new york  and  london  if  the bonds  carry  the promise  to pay  principal  and   interest   in  gold   .  
 indeed  ,   i  would expect  the soviet union  could step to  the front  of  the line  in  seeking credit  at  the lowest possible  interest  rate   .  
 i  would bet  such bonds  would be snapped up around  3 %   ,   which  would be  the lowest governmental  interest  rate  on  earth   ,  including  japan  ' s   .  
 as  markets  gain  experience  with  soviet gold-backed bonds   ,    interest   on  the bonds  could be expected to decline  ,  perhaps approaching  2 %   ,   the going rate  for  u . s .  gold-mining-company gold bonds   .  
 what  interest  rate  would  soviet bonds  need if  the gosbank  had  an independent monetary power  similar to  the fed   .  
 for  instance   ,  if  soviet inflation  is currently at  10 %   ,  then  the expected  interest  rate  would be initially around  18 %   .  
 if  the inflation rate  is higher  ,  then  it  would take proportionally  higher  interest  rates  to stabilize  the rate  of  inflation   .  
 ``  this  has already dragged on  a lot  longer than expected  ,  and  we  have {  an  interest  payment  }  coming dec .  15   ,   '  '   mr .  ross  added  .  
 for  instance   ,   new borrowers  in  the guaranteed student-loan program  would have to pay  higher origination fees   ,  and  lenders  would be paid at  a lower  interest  rate   ,  in  order  to save  money   .  
 the certificates  are n ' t  certificates  of  deposit   ,   the guarantee  is n ' t  federal deposit insurance   ,  and  the bonus  interest  rates  are good for only  the first three months  on  one  - and  two-year investments   .  
 people   who  express   interest   in  the certificates  receive  a detailed prospectus   .  
  '  '    american express  obviously has  a big  interest   in protecting  that reputation   .  
 it   ' s  an annuity  --  a type  of  tax-advantaged retirement savings  plan --  whose appeal  is augmented by  an eye-catching first-year  interest  rate  of  12 %   .  
 they  offer   interest  rates   that  are fixed at  the time  of  purchase   .  
 oil producers   ,   banana farmers   ,   pineapple growers   ,   cattlemen  were among  the objects  of  the committee  ' s  interests    .  
 this volatile source  of  liquidity  from  deposit brokers  seeking  high  interest  rates  contributed to  current s&amp;l insolvencies   .  
 the notes  are  zero-coupon securities  and will not pay   interest   periodically  .  
 california housing finance agency  --  $ 79 . 2 million  of  home mortgage revenue bonds   ,   1989 series e   ,  with  current  interest  bonds due 1993-1999   ,   2009   ,   2019  and  2029   ,  and  capital appreciation bonds due 2000-2005   ,  tentatively priced by  a merrill lynch capital markets group  to yield from  6 . 50 %  in  1993  to  7 . 70 %  in  2029   .  
  interest   on  the bonds  will be treated as  a preference item  in calculating  the federal alternative minimum tax   .  
 there  is  no potential  for  negative amortization   ,  because  homeowners  must make up   interest  shortfalls  in  cash   .  
 foresters  express  great  interest   in knowing about  the redwoods you  mention in  oregon  ' s cascade mountains   ,  as  redwoods  grow in  coastal regions  of  northern california  and  southern oregon   .  
 wall street  ' s rise  to  a record  close  tuesday  and  its strong opening yesterday  were outweighed by  continued weakness  in  the pound   ,   which  sharpened  fears  that  u . k .   interest  rates  might soon rise  .  
 but  some  said  a prospective  interest  rate increase  by  the bundesbank  is already reflected in  current dollar rates   ,  so  an announcement  of  a rate rise today  might have  little effect   .  
 investor  interest   yesterday centered on  companies whose share prices  are low in  relation  to  their property holdings   .  
 but  investor  interest    ,   which  blossomed in  early  trading  ,  `` dried up almost completely in  the afternoon   ,   '  '   one trader  said  .  
 an increase  in  west german  interest  rates  would put  pressure  on  u . k .  rates  to follow  suit   .  
 grand metropolitan  was  6  higher at  604  on talk that  financier sir james goldsmith  is *interested in buying  the brewing  interests   of  the leisure   ,   food  and drinks  giant   .  
 and  they  managed to eke out  that slim total return  only because of   interest  income   .  
 rising   interest  rates  also hammered  the most aggressive bond funds   ,  particularly  zero-coupon bond funds   .  
 these funds   ,   which  invest in  bonds  sold at  a deep discount  and do n ' t pay  any  interest   until  they  mature  ,  are thus affected more than  other bond funds  by  fluctuations  in  *interest rates   .  
 mr .  kern  ' s gloom  stems from  a string  of  recent economic indicators  showing that  britain  ' s inflationary pressure has n ' t  lost  potency  despite  15 months  of  rising  interest  rates   .  
 economists  predict that because of  the inflationary signs   ,    interest  rates  will remain high  ,  possibly hitting  15 %   ,  particularly if  sterling  continues to come under  pressure   .  
 but with  traders  expecting  west germany  ' s bundesbank  to push  short-term  interest   rates  higher today   ,   the safe bet  was to be light on  dollars   .  
 mr .  spaulding   ,   50 years  old  ,  succeeds  thomas ward   ,   51   ,   who  left to pursue  personal  interests    .  
 consequently  ,   corporations  such as  brand-name food  and  consumer-product companies   that  can generate  steady sales  to meet   interest  payments  are being valued more highly on  their buy-out potential   .  
 in  fact   ,   zenith  says  it  would have been profitable in  the last 12 months  if  it  had n ' t incurred  the hefty  interest  expense  on  its debt load   .  
 how fast  the genome project  moves is of more than  academic  interest    .  
 banks  can protect  themselves  by maintaining  a security  interest   in  the property  but not participating in  management   ,  suggests  margaret murphy   ,   a partner  with  the new york law firm white  &amp;  case   .  
 overseas studies  draw  more  interest   at  colleges   this fall   .  
 ``  a lot  of  people  are taking  japanese  out of  sheer  interest    ,   '  '  says  pace university  ' s provost joseph m .  pastor jr   .  
 the mark  has posted  steady gains   this week  as  the market  expects  an increase  in  german  interest  rates   .  
 brenda malizia negus   ,   the newsletter  ' s editor  said ``  short-term  interest  rates  have picked up  a little steam   .  
 the average maturity  is considered  an indication  of  which direction professional money managers  think   interest  rates  are headed  .  
 a compound yield  assumes  the  interest  rate  remains unchanged for  a year  and  dividends  are reinvested  .  
 kevin smith   ,   the city  ' s treasurer   ,  said  he  complained to  e . f .  hutton  &amp;  co .    ,   which  in  august 1987  agreed to pay  the city its principal amount  plus about  3 %  interest    .  
 ``  jane  is supportive of  the process   ,   '  '  says  one person  involved in  the show   ,  ``  which  could lead to  the development  of  a quality morning program   that  fills  an important market need  and is consistent with  both   her  professional and  personal  interests    .  
 cable  :  comcast corp .   agreed to buy  an  interest   in  pay-per-view network inc .    ' s  viewer  ' s choice   ,   a cable programming service  owned by  eight other cable  and  entertainment concerns   .  
 a spokeswoman  for  opinion research  said  mr .  brown  resigned to ``  re-evaluate his own  interests   and  goals  and to explore  a number  of  possibilities   both  within and outside  the research industry   .  
 consumer stocks  and  issues  sensitive to  changes  in   interest  rates   ,   the biggest gainers  in  tuesday  ' s session   ,  turned in  a mixed showing   .  
 major u . k .  retailer sears plc  reported  lower pretax profits  than at  last year  ' s interim stage   ,  as  difficult trading conditions   ,  brought on by  high  interest  rates  and  rising wage settlements   ,  cut into  revenue   .  
 when  international business machines  hit  a 52-week low  on  tuesday   ,   it  stirred  some  interest   among  bottom-fishers   .  
 in  one high-profile deal   ,   atwood  traded  construction gear   ,   safety nets  and  security service  for  the eiffel tower restaurant  in  paris  --  which   it  disassembled and moved to  new orleans  for  a client   ,  in  exchange  for  an  interest   in  the reconstructed restaurant   .  
 the principal authors  of  the gramm-rudman-hollings deficit law  were present  ,  and  all  came asking to protect  funds  important to  their  interests    .  
 bell group  ' s main assets  are  the west australian newspaper  in  perth  and  an  interest   in  bell resources ltd   .  
 elsinore corp .   of  las vegas   ,   nev .    ,  said  its finance unit  will redeem on  nov .  2 $ 55 million  of  its 15 12 % senior mortgage bonds due 1999  and  their  accrued and  unpaid  interest    ,  together with  the 1989 coupon  attached to  the bonds   .  
 integrated  announced  its intention  to sell  united resources  and  other businesses  in  june   ,  when  it  failed to make   interest  payments  on nearly  $ 1 billion  of  debt   .  
 the bond market  ended narrowly mixed in  quiet  trading as  investors  awaited  news  about  the economy  and  foreign  interest  rates   .  
 ``  i  will say again  ,  being from  the midwest  and having  a general  interest   in keeping  an american manufacturing base   ,   i  am very concerned about  the  {  strong  }  dollar   '  '  hurting  the competitive position  of  u . s .  exporters   ,   mrs .  seger  said  .  
 ``  i  have favored easing  monetary policy  to allow   interest  rates  to be somewhat lower and weaken  the dollar   ,   '  '   she  said  .  
 foreign bonds    west german government bonds  were unchanged to slightly lower as  investors  braced for  a possible increase  in   interest  rates   .  
 the crew-pairing issue  is stirring   interest   among  safety investigators  because  flight 5050  ' s co-pilot   ,   who  apparently was at  the controls  at  the beginning  of  the takeoff   ,  had  little experience  in  the  boeing  737 aircraft   .  
 wednesday   ,   october 4   ,   1989    the key u . s .   and  foreign annual  interest  rates  below are  a guide  to  general levels  but do n ' t always represent  actual transactions   .  
 state bank  said  high  interest  rates  and  recent  ``  poor   '  '   australian economic indicators  contributed to  the result   .  
 tuesday   ,   october 3   ,   1989    the key u . s .   and  foreign annual  interest  rates  below are  a guide  to  general levels  but do n ' t always represent  actual transactions   .  
 sallie mae  said  the redemption price  is  103 . 875 %  of  the principal amount   ,  plus accrued   interest   from  nov .  15   .  
 his talk  about  the priority  of  common human values  over  class struggle  has paved  the way  for  a revival  of   interest   in  theology  and  religious philosophy  in  general   ,  and  the history  of  the russian orthodox church  in  particular   .  
 mr .  ross  of  ecpa   ,  noting  the vast difference  in   interest    ,  gleefully remarked on  the difficulties his atheist colleagues  were having in grabbing  the public  ' s attention   .  
 erc  said  the lines  of  credit  with  american security bank  of  washington   ,   d . c .    ,  and  sovran bank  of  richmond   ,   va .    ,  are unsecured and   interest  rates  are at or below  the prime rate   .  
 to pay for  it   all   ,   he  borrowed  dm7 , 000  from  the federal government  at  a reduced  interest  rate   .  
 smithkline  is n ' t  the only company  to exploit  congressional  interest   in  bolar   .  
 ``  we  figured with  all   that   ' s going on  ,   the fda  might find  our study  of   interest    ,   '  '   a warner-lambert official  says  .  
 mr .  leber  says  he   ' s counting on  the increasing  interest   by  americans  in  all things soviet  to boost  average weekly receipts   this time  to  the $ 1 . 2 million level   .  
 the nepalese  have expressed  an  interest   in obtaining  weapons  for  their 25 , 000-man army  from  china   ,  rather than  india   .  
 insight communications co .   said  it  signed  an agreement  to acquire  controlling  interest   in  ,  and  management  of  ,   clyde cablevision ltd .    ,   the  partially built  cable television system  serving  glasgow   ,   scotland   .  
 they  reason that  lower earnings  may help prompt  the federal reserve  to cut  short-term  interest  rates   ,   which  in  turn  would boost  corporate earnings  next  year   .  
 if  ,  as  he  expects  ,   the economy  slips into  a recession  during  the current quarter   ,   he  predicts  the federal reserve  wo n ' t be able to cut   interest  rates  fast enough to offset plunging  earnings   .  
 many traders  are expecting  the west german central bank  to raise  key  interest  rates  at  least half a percentage point  on  thursday   .  
 higher  interest  rates  abroad tend to make  the dollar  less attractive to  foreign investors   .  
 whether  a stock offering  is in  the best  interest   of  mr .  wisner  or  his shareholders  is unanswerable  .  
 that  is  one part  of  the loss  sustained by  taxpayers   ,  offset to  an extent   that  is not reported by  the  interest   earned on  foreign-exchange holdings   .  
 the fed  ' s policy  of pushing up   interest  rates  from  march 1988  to  march 1989   ,  in  an attempt  to reduce  inflation   ,  pummeled  the housing industry  and eroded much of  the strength  in manufacturing  .  
 these two sectors  are closely influenced by   interest  rates  because  purchases  frequently are financed by borrowing  .  
 this week  ' s issue  of  barron  ' s  added to  the speculation  over  general motors  and  ford  ' s  interest   in  the european luxury-car maker   .  
 both   companies  have expressed  an  interest   in buying  a significant stake  in  jaguar   .  
 shortages  keep   interest   pumped up in  nintendo products   ,   analysts  say  ,   one reason nintendo  expects  sales  to jump  53 %  to  $ 2 . 6 billion this year  from  $ 1 . 7 billion  in  1988   .  
 the average  interest  rate  inched up to  8 . 793 %  at  citicorp  ' s $ 50 million weekly auction  of  91-day commercial paper   ,  or  corporate ious   ,  from  8 . 7446 %  at  last week  ' s sale   .  
 that led to  a recession  and plunged  many companies   ,  especially  those  with   interests   in  a declining property market   ,  into  financial problems   .  
 frustrated in  its bid  to buy  lin broadcasting corp .   ' s big-city cellular phone franchises   ,   mccaw cellular communications inc .   agreed to buy  metromedia co .   ' s new york franchise  interests   for  $ 1 . 9 billion   .  
 mccaw  is essentially swapping  franchises  in  the less populated states  of  alabama   ,   kentucky  and  tennessee  for  a large  interest   in  the biggest market  of  all-new york   .  
 lin  has  a right  of  first refusal  to buy  metromedia  ' s  interest    ,  and  some analysts  expect  lin  to exercise  that right   .  
 in  the metromedia purchase   ,   mccaw  would acquire  a 50 % voting  interest   and  a 45 . 67 % equity *interest  in  the new york city non-wireline cellular franchise   .  
 in  the metromedia purchase   ,   mccaw  would acquire  a 50 % voting *interest  and  a 45 . 67 % equity  interest   in  the new york city non-wireline cellular franchise   .  
 new york-based lin  currently owns  a 50 % voting  interest   and  a 45 % equity *interest  in  the franchise   .  
 new york-based lin  currently owns  a 50 % voting *interest  and  a 45 % equity  interest   in  the franchise   .  
 bellsouth   ,   which  has  the finances  to exercise  lin  ' s option  on  new york franchise   ,  has expressed   interest   in attaining  the remainder  of  the market  for  the merged company   .  
 thus  ,   some analysts  were n ' t optimistic about  mccaw  ' s ability  to acquire  metromedia  ' s new york  interests    .  
  '  '    other analysts  warned  ,  however  ,  that  the combined cellular-phone *interests  of  bellsouth  and  lin  might be reluctant to pile on  more debt  by buying  new york-based metromedia  ' s  interests    ,  and  bellsouth itself  might object to  the price   .  
 if  lin  does n ' t exercise  the option  and  mccaw  does acquire  metromedia  ' s  interest    ,  ``  the ironic thing  is that  mccaw  could end up being  lin  ' s controlling partner   '  '  in  the new york franchise   ,   mr .  grubman  said  .  
 in  addition  to  its  interests   in  las vegas real estate   ,   mgm grand  owns and operates  a luxury airline   .  
 as many as  12 million individuals  hold   interests   in  partnerships   that  own  everything  from shopping  centers  to cable  tv systems   ,  shipping  containers  and  oil wells   .  
 delayed  to  1990  are  the first irs lists  of  taxpayers  subject to  20 % withholding  for supplying  faulty social security  or  employer numbers  to  payers  of   interest   and  dividends   .  
 among  its concerns  : offers of  unreasonable pay  and  perks  to entice and keep  doctors   ,   service partnerships   that  promote  doctors  '  private  interests   with  exempt funds   ,   exempt holding companies  with  for-profit units   ,  and  reports  of  restrictions  on  emergency-room admittances   .  
 hca  said  the terms  of  its new agreement call  for  a purchase price  of  $ 68 . 3 million  for  its equity  interest   in  the australian operations  and  the repayment  of  certain debt  owed to  hospital corp .   by  its australian subsidiary   .  
 in  london   ,   shares  were sharply higher as  wall street  ' s strength  helped to overshadow  the market  ' s immediate concern  with  a possible u . k .   interest  rate increase   .  
 other losers  included  pharmaceutical  and  textile shares   ,  but  two issues  attracted  investor  interest   because of  strong earning prospects  for  new products   .  
 dealers  said that even though  fears  of  higher u . k .   interest  rates  are still  prevalent   ,   the market  was underpinned by  the pound  ' s firmness  resulting from  recent central bank support  and by  a late flurry  of buying for  technical reasons   .  
 ``  day-to-day swings  can have  a lot  of  significance  for  the financial markets   ,   which  worry about  the effect  on   interest  rates  and  federal reserve policy   ,   '  '  says  norman robertson   ,   chief economist  at  mellon bank corp .    ,   pittsburgh   .  
 dwg  ' s other major operating units   ,   arby  ' s inc .   and  royal crown cos .    ,  have also attracted  considerable investor  interest    .  
 gregory parkos   ,   president  and  chief operating officer  of  whittaker   ,  commented that  the group  has `` indicated that  their  interest   is as  investors   .  
 some buyers   who  apply for  an ibm credit card  may also be eligible for as much as  $ 3 , 500  in  credit   ,  with  the first payment  deferred until  february  and  no  interest  charge  during  the promotion   .  
 in  a prepared statement   ,   the company  said  mr .  shields  had made ``  a personal decision  to leave  the company  to pursue  other  interests    .  
 traders  noted that  the japanese unit  has been hit by  cross-trading  against  the mark  in  anticipation  of  an  interest  rate increase  in  germany   .  
 james bailey   ,   43-year-old president  and  chief executive officer   ,  resigned to pursue  other  interests    .  
 there  were  rumors  that  investor carl icahn  was raising  his 11 . 4 %  interest   in  the company  in  anticipation  of  a stock buy-back   .  
  interest   in  the financial group  extended to  selected issues  of  insurance companies   .  
 bonds prices  crept  higher yesterday   ,  strengthened by  a firmer dollar   ,  by  increased japanese buying  and by  optimism  that   interest  rates  may decline  .  
 ``  we  saw  the first glimmers  of  retail  interest   since  we  got  the new supply  at  the august  refunding  ,   '  '  said  joseph liro   ,   a vice president  and  money market economist  at  s . g .  warburg securities  &amp;  co   .  
 bond prices  also were supported by  speculation  that  the federal reserve  --  which  has been unable to control  the dollar  through  intervention  alone -- may consider  lowering  interest  rates  as  a new tactic   .  
 still  ,   comments  by  white house economist michael boskin  may have added  fuel  to  the speculation  about  lower  interest  rates   .  
 speaking at  a meeting  hosted by  the japanese economic planning agency   ,   mr .  boskin  based  the outlook  on  lower  interest  rates   ,  according to  a japanese news service   .  
 short-term  interest  rates  fell sharply  .  
 the average  winning  net  interest  cost  for  the $ 550 million pennsylvania note issue  was  6 . 35 %   ,  according to  arthur heilman   ,   director  of  pennsylvania  ' s bureau  of  revenues   ,   cash flow  and  debt   .  
 occidental petroleum  has   interests   in  oil  and  gas   ,   pipelines   ,   chemicals   ,  and  agricultural products   .  
 but  toro  said that beginning in  fiscal 1991   ,   it  expects  profit  to improve significantly by nearly doubling  its walk power mower volume  without adding  related support  and  overhead costs   ,  and by  lower  interest  cost  resulting from  a significant positive cash flow   .  
 nominations  are  indications  of   interest   in  specific areas   that  would be attractive for  exploration   .  
 he  would n ' t disclose  the number  of  nominations  received or  the areas   that  generated  the most  interest    .  
  interest   in  the area  is expected to be renewed by  a project  of  esso resources canada ltd .    ,   shell canada ltd .   and  gulf canada resources ltd .   to export more than  nine trillion cubic feet  of  natural gas  from  the mackenzie river delta  to  the u . s .   starting in  1996   .  
 ``  you  watch  what   the competition  is doing and  what   ' s happening to  interest   rates  in  general  very carefully  .  
 transco exploration partners ltd .   said  it  received  high bids  totaling  $ 48 . 1 million  from  oryx energy co .   and  transco exploration  &amp;  production co .   for  its  interest   in  five offshore oil  and  gas development wells   .  
 tax increases    the wide-ranging bill  contains  provisions   that  would :  -- prevent  companies   that  have made  leveraged buy-outs  from getting  federal tax refunds  resulting from  losses  caused by   interest  payments  on  debt  issued to finance  the buy-outs   ,   effective aug .  2   ,   1989   .  
 the measure repeals   a 50 % exclusion  given to  banks  on  the  interest   from  loans  used to acquire  securities  for  an esop   ,  if  the esop  owns less than  30 %  of  the employer  ' s stock   .  
 --  curb junk bonds  by  ending tax benefits  for  certain securities   ,  such as  zero-coupon bonds   ,   that  postpone  cash  interest  payments   .  
 mccaw  also plans to sell  its cellular  interests   in  the southeast  for  $ 1 . 3 billion   .  
 worse  yet  ,   mr .  bush  ' s  interest   in  a cw ban  prevented  the reagan administration  in  1987  from adopting  a more honest  and  responsible position  toward  such an accord  : as  the u . s .  binary modernization program  got under  way   ,   the soviet union  became ever more determined to conclude  a cw ban  quickly  .  
 should  he  do so  ,   u . s .  national  interests   are headed for  a  possibly  fatal head-on collision  with  dangerous arms-control delusions   .  
 allianz ag  agreed to acquire  50 %  of  the insurance  interests   of  cie .   de  navigation mixte  for about  6 . 5 billion french francs  (  $ 1 . 02 billion  )  .  
 the agreement  will help  navigation mixte  fend off  potential raiders  and end  speculative  interest    that  has led to  flurries  of  *interest  in  its stock  during  the past year   .  
 the agreement  will help  navigation mixte  fend off  potential raiders  and end  speculative *interest   that  has led to  flurries  of   interest   in  its stock  during  the past year   .  
 not only will  it  put  half the group  ' s much-coveted insurance  interests   in  the hands  of  a powerful ally   ,  but  mr .  fournier  also noted that  the accord  will boost  navigation mixte  ' s cash hoard  to about  11 billion francs  by  year end   .  
 he  also said  allianz  does n ' t currently plan to transfer  its  existing  french  interests   to  the new holding company   .  
 under  the accord   ,   foreign bank creditors   who  hold about  $ 53 billion  of  mexican government  medium-term and  long-term debt  can exchange  their loans  for  bonds   that  represent  a 35 %  cut in  principal   ,  swap  them  for  bonds   that  carry  a 6 . 25 %  fixed  rate  of   interest    ,  or put up  further loans   .  
 he  said  domestic  interest  rates  have dropped  20 %   ,  saving  the country  as much as  $ 10 billion   a year   .  
 the u . s .   interest   lies in continuing  that competition  until  mr .  gorbachev  has  no choice  but to withdraw from  his global  and  military commitments   .  
 ugi   ,   a utility   ,  has sold  most  of  amerigas  ' s industrial-gas  interests   and is using proceeds mainly to expand  the unit  ' s propane operations   .  
 annualized   interest  rates  on  certain investments  as reported by  the federal reserve board  on  a weekly-average basis  :   a-discounted rate   .  
 the critical next step  was carving up  the leases  and packaging  them  in  limited partnerships   that  would throw off  tax losses  generated by  heavy  interest  payments  and  depreciation   .  
  '  '    rothschild  sold  its  interest   as  general partner  to  mr .  rogers   ,   the former trupin associate  -- effectively walking out on  its limited-partner investors  despite  a pledge  in  its offering memorandums  not to sell out without  investor approval   .  
 swissair  owns  8 %  and is planning to raise  its  interest   to  10 %   ,  and  air france  is also *interested in raising  its holding  from  the current 1 . 5 %   ,  according to  austrian airlines   .  
 wyse technology corp .   signals  its  interest   in  handicapped workers  in  every ad   .  
 mr .  sperandeo  expects  stocks  to decline over  the next few months  because  ,   he  says  ,   the federal reserve board  seems to have given up on  pushing  interest  rates  down  ,  and is trying to drive down  the value  of  the dollar   .  
 mr .  sperandeo  expects   interest  rates  to rise  ,   which  would hurt  the value  of existing  bonds   .  
 occidental petroleum corp .   said  its domestic oil  and  gas subsidiary   ,   oxy usa inc .    ,  sold to  exxon corp .   for about  $ 148 million its  interests   in  several oil  and  gas wells  in  wyoming   ,   texas   ,   alabama  and  new mexico   .  
 the largest stake  sold was  occidental    ' s 15 . 7 % working  interest   in  the hartzog draw property  in  campbell county   ,   wyo   .  
 an exxon spokesman  said  the $ 148 million purchase  will give  the company   an  interest   in  2 , 100 oil  and  gas wells   .  
 healthvest  said  it  does n ' t have  enough cash  to make about  $ 6 . 5 million  of   interest  payments  due shortly and said  it  is negotiating with  bank  and  insurance-company lenders  to postpone  the payments   .  
 last june   ,   tootal  consented to  a friendly # 395 million  (  $ 639 . 7 million  )  takeover  from  a much larger textile group   ,   coats viyella plc   ,  but  the linkup  between  the two  has been put on  ice  for  the moment  as  the u . k .  monopolies  and  mergers commission  investigates  the possibility  that  the combination  of  the two companies  '  british thread  interests   could be anti-competitive  .  
 meanwhile  ,  profit attributable to  shareholders   ,  or  profit  after  tax  and  minority  interests    ,  rose  4 %  to #  13 . 3 million  from  # 12 . 8 million   a year  earlier  .  
 profit  after  tax   ,   minority  interests   and  extraordinary items   ,  known as  net profit  attributable to  shareholders   ,  rose  25 %  to #  13 . 7 million  from  # 10 . 9 million   .  
 occidental petroleum corp .    ,   los angeles   ,  said  it  will redeem  nov .  1 its $ 207 million principal amount  outstanding of  floating-rate senior notes  due may  1   ,   1990   ,  at  par  plus   interest   accrued to  the redemption date   .  
 monday   ,   october 2   ,   1989    the key u . s .   and  foreign annual  interest  rates  below are  a guide  to  general levels  but do n ' t always represent  actual transactions   .  
 a myriad  of  problems  underlie  the dimmer outlook  :  the economy  is slowing  ,   labor costs  are rising  ,  heavily  leveraged corporations  are paying  huge amounts  of   interest   and  the dollar  ' s recent strength  is crimping  overseas sales  and  profits   .  
 but  he  adds  a qualification  : as  the economy slows   ,    interest  rates  will fall  ,  perhaps sharply  .  
 the commercial bank group   ,   france   ' s biggest in  terms  of  total assets   ,  said  group profit  after  payments  to  minority  interests   rose to  1 . 475 billion francs  (  $ 232 . 3 million  ) from  1 . 308 billion francs  in  the first   half  of  1988   .  
 the loan  calls for  payment  of  base  interest   plus  a participation  in  the revenue growth  and  value appreciation  of  the hospital   .  
 they  said  the transaction  will be accounted for as  a  pooling of   interests   and is subject to  approval  by  both   boards  and by  microbilt  ' s shareholders   .  
  '  '  but  he  said  he  thinks  the economy  `` will continue to follow  the trend  downward  '  '  until  the federal reserve board eases  up on  the money supply  or reduces   interest  rates   .  
 the most likely next move  is for  the west german bundesbank  to raise   interest  rates   this week   .  
 higher  interest  rates  abroad make  the dollar  less attractive to  foreign investors   .  
 there  remains  some hope  that  the fed  will cut  u . s .   interest  rates  as  part  of  the international effort  to drive  the dollar lower  ; but  most traders  think  it   ' s unlikely  the fed  will move without  concrete evidence  that  the u . s .  economy  is slowing  .  
 ``  price-earnings multiples  are high  ,    interest  rates  have risen  ,  and  earnings  are flat to down  ,   '  '   he  said  .  
 the real estate investment trust  said  it  is seeking to postpone   interest  payments  because  it   has n ' t  received  $ 6 . 2 million  in  rent  and  mortgage payments  from  healthcare international   .  
 the senator  is working with about  15 democratic colleagues   who  have expressed   interest   in  a lower capital-gains tax  cut of  one kind  or  another   .  
 if  that offer  is successful  ,   general homes  will amend  its new credit agreement  to allow  it  to issue  stock  instead of  paying  interest   on  the $ 60 million loan   .  
 west germany  ' s allianz ag  agreed to buy  50 %  of  the insurance  interest   of  france  ' s navigation mixte  for about  $ 1 billion   .  
 in  london   ,   shares  were moderately lower in  thin  trading on  continued fears  that  higher  interest  rates  are coming  ,   a concern   that  weighed down  many other european markets  as well  .  
 but  dealers  said  the market  is still broadly  pressured  by  concerns   that  u . k .    interest  rates  may be about to rise further  .  
 they  said  the market  ' s current focus  on  the west german central bank council  ' s thursday meeting  is damping   interest   in  stock  trading  .  
  interest  rates  moved  higher yesterday  at  the government  ' s weekly treasury bill auction   .  
 foreign bonds    european investors  are bracing for  what  is widely expected to be  an imminent increase  in  west german  interest  rates   .  
 he  conceded that  he  had n ' t disclosed  the transaction  fully on  personal financial reports  and probably would have to pay  back taxes  and   interest   because  he  had claimed  favorable capital-gains treatment  to  which   he   was n ' t  entitled  .  
 while in  bankruptcy court   ,   global marine  slashed  debt  by more than  half  and got  a four-year break  from  cash  interest  payments   .  
 the company  is seeking to allow  shareholders  with  a stake  of  10 %  to propose  amendments  to  its articles  of  incorporation  and to allow  holders  with  a 20 %  interest   to call  a meeting   .  
 still  ,   they  cautioned that  audi  may need to shed about  100  of  its 365 u . s .  dealers   who  have lost   interest   in  the franchise   .  
 foreign exchange traders  said  activity  was fairly  thin   ,  with  most participants  tightly focused on  the likelihood  of  an  interest  rate increase  in  germany  later  this week   .  
 without  an  interest  rate increase  in  west germany  --  a move   that  probably will be mimicked in  most other west european countries  --  u . s .  *interest rates  will still have  an attractive premium  over  those  of  most other major nations   ,  drawing  money  to  the dollar   ,   traders  said  .  
 he  added that  the rise  in  official rates  would put  a solid floor  under  short-term rates  near existing  levels   ,  allowing for  additional gains  in   interest  rates   that  would reduce  the flow  of  funds  to  the u . s   .  
 under  the new arrangement   ,   phillips  will hold  an 82 % working  interest   in  the acreage   ,  as well as act as  operator   ,  and  northwest  will hold  the  remaining  18 % interest   .  
 the partial sale  of  west germany  ' s 16th-largest bank  is  the first major public offering  since  may 1988   ,  when  the government  sold  its  remaining  60 %  interest   in  aluminum   ,   energy   ,  and  chemical concern viag ag   .  
 the group  may seek to acquire  a controlling  interest   in  harley-davidson  or seek  representation  on  the company  ' s board   .  
 for  example   ,  notwithstanding  his praise  for  milton friedman   ,  when  it  came to recommending  western economists  to become  foreign associate members  of  the soviet academy   ,   mr .  aganbegyan  proposed  j . k .  galbraith  and  wassily leontief   ,  explaining that  soviet  interest   in  them  is keen because  their works  `` show up  the .  .  .  darker side   '  '  of  the free market   .  
 it    ' s clear mr .  pierce  and  his followers  in  the pro-sealed-records   ,   anti-choice   ,   adoption-business triumvirate  are not operating in  the best  interest   of  the adoptee   .  
 netherlands-based hcs  has   interests   in  software  and  hardware development   ,   automation projects  and  visual communications   .  
 mexico   ,   the first nation  to agree to  a package  under  the strategy   ,  recently negotiated  a proposed bank debt agreement   that  includes  options  allowing for  a 35 %  cut in  either its principal  or   interest  payments   .  
 it   has n ' t  paid   interest   on  its medium-term  and  long-term bank debt  since  april last year  and is now more than  $ 4 billion  in  arrears   .  
 hudson general  said  it  will hold  discussions  with  its banks  and will grant  the banks  ``  a security  interest   in  all its assets  to  the extent   it  is permitted to do so  .  
 and  our children  will be paying   interest   on  the excess debt  for  all that time   .  
 for  example   ,   one  might consider  the  following  possible revenue sources   ,  with  their annual yields  as estimated by  the congressional budget office  :  -- eliminate  deductibility  of  state  and  local taxes  --  $ 32 . 1 billion  ;  --  tax employer-paid heath insurance  as  income  --  $ 25 . 1 billion  ;  -- raise  premiums  to cover  50 %  of  the cost  of  medicare supplementary medical insurance  --  $ 18 . 6 billion  ;  -- limit  the value  of  the mortgage  interest  deduction  to  15 %  of  the *interest   ,   the amount  of  the first-bracket tax rate  --  $ 14 . 5 billion  ;  -- increase  the motor fuel tax  by  12 cents   a gallon  --  $ 11 . 7 billion  ;  --  tax 60 %  of  social security benefits  as  income  --  $ 11 . 3 billion  ;  --  tax 30 %  of  capital gains  from  home sales  --  $ 7 . 5 billion  ;  --  tax capital gains  at  death  --  $ 5 . 8 billion  ;  -- raise  the tax  on  distilled spirits  by  20 %  and raise  beer  and  wine tax  to  the level  of  distilled spirits tax  --  $ 4 . 4 billion  ;  -- double  the cigarette tax  --  $ 3 billion   .  
 among  significant events  for  the concern  in  the first   half  was  american telephone  &amp;  telegraph co .   ' s agreement  to take  an 18 . 6 % stake  in  cir  in  exchange  for  its 22 %  holding in  office equipment manufacturer ing c .  olivetti  &amp;  co .  cir  raised  its  interests   in  olivetti  to  41 %  as  a result  of  the agreement   .  
 the group  also had  its insurance units  suspended  ,  fueling  speculation  that  it  planned to ally  these units  with  a big institution  or  group  of  institutions  to help dissuade  recent unwelcome  interest   in  its stock   .  
 however  ,  in  health-chem  ' s most recent securities  and  exchange commission  filing  ,   it  indicated  it  was having  significant financial problems  stemming in  part  from  planned capital investments  and  the anticipated settlement  of  tax  and   interest  obligations  resulting from  a prior year  ' s tax audit  stipulated  agreement   .  
 in  addition   ,  beginning  this year   ,   the company  has deferred  recognition  of   interest  income  earned on  funds  deposited into  an escrow account  related to  a settlement agreement  with  a former director   .  
 in  may   ,   the agency  ordered  the board  of  trade  to return  the fine  to  mr .  malato  with  accrued  interest   and to end  his suspension   .  
 the attorney general  ' s office  filed  suit  to recover  the money  for  consumers   ,   which  with   interest   and  taxes  totals  the amount  of  the settlement   .  
 us   west  said  it  believed ``  our position  was legally justified  ,   '  '  but that  it  was in  the  ``  best  interests   of  our shareowners   ,   our customers  and  our company   '  '  to settle  the dispute  because ``  litigation  can be very expensive  .  
 dexter  reduced  its  interest   in  grafil  in  1987  to  20 %  and then acquired  resin products  and  technology  from  the venture   .  
 there  must be  a reduction  of  government regulation  of  the economy   ,   which today  controls  everything  from  the size  of  a doughnut  to  the rate  of   interest    .  
 the filing  said  the additional shares  were bought to increase  the simmons companies  '  equity  interests   in  calabasas   ,   calif . -based lockheed   .  
 the group   ,  already slumping  ,  is in for ``  a much weaker   '  '   second   half  because  high  interest  rates  will further crimp  credit purchases   ,   she  explains  .  
 in  an *interest-rate options contract   ,   a customer  typically pays  a bank   a fee  for  custom-tailored protection  against  swings  in   interest  rates  above or below  certain levels  for  a specified period   .  
 a major obstacle  to  doing business   ,   soviet lawyers  say  ,  is that  many people  in  the soviet union  proposing  joint ventures  have failed to provide  enough information  to  interest   potential foreign investors   .  
 this lack  of   interest   is only  the latest bad news  for  the arizona utility   ,   which  has slashed  its common-stock dividend   ,  warned of  prospective losses  and seen  its chairman  depart under  cloudy circumstances   that  included  the sale  of much of  his stock   .  
 mr .  nobrega  pledged  government efforts  to restrain  inflation  with  such steps  as holding down  increases  for  steel prices  and  utility rates   ,  and maintaining  high real   ,  or  inflation-adjusted   ,    interest  rates   .  
 anticipating  higher inflation   this month   ,   brasilia last week  raised  the overnight  interest  rate  on  government bonds  to  the equivalent  of  a record 9 , 530 %   a year   .  
 preussag   ,   which  has  widespread metals  trading  ,   energy  and  engineering  interests    ,  said  the takeover  would create  a metals  and  engineering conglomerate  with  70 , 000 employees  world-wide  .  
 in  fact   ,   the indirect impact  of  the debt accord  on  the expectations  as  risks  and  uncertainties  declined has allowed  domestic  interest  rates  to fall sharply  ,  thus providing  much needed relief  to  domestic debt service  and improving  the climate  for  investment   .  
 after pushing up   interest  rates  from  march 1988  to  march 1989  to head off  inflation   ,   the fed  let  rates  slip  a few times   this summer   .  
 `` when  the rating  is in  the double-b category   ,   the  (   interest   )  coverage  is very thin  .  
 the september economic statistics  are expected to present  a familiar result  :  a mixed signal  that  economists  say is unlikely to cause  a change  in   interest  rate policy   .  
 many economists  expect  the fed  ' s policy-making arm  to maintain  a holding pattern  on   interest  rates  at  its meeting   that  begins  tomorrow   ,  partly because of  the expected jobs data  and partly because  it  may have to `` turn  its attention  to batting down  the dollar   ,   '  '   mr .  ciminero  said  .  
 but  the company  still owes about  $ 1 . 6 billion  of  junk-bond debt   ,   which  carries  an  interest  rate  of about  14 %   .  
 anheuser-busch  ' s purchase  of  the six parks  would increase  its debt  and   interest  expense   ,   the rating agency  said  .  
 despite  a big drop  in   interest  rates  and  the dow jones industrial average  ' s rise  to record  levels  during  the quarter   ,   wall street still has n ' t  recovered from  the shakeout  sparked by  the october 1987 stock market crash   .  
 as   interest  rates  declined  ,   merrill  raised  its market  share more than  four percentage  points to  21 . 5 %   .  
 a one percentage-point drop  in   interest  rates   this year  helped raise  the volume  of  new debt securities  to  a record $ 193 . 9 billion  from  $ 181 . 4 billion   a year  earlier  .  
 and  analysts  say that  foreign investors   ,   who  have shown  more  interest   in  u . s .  stocks  lately  ,  still wo n ' t go near  smaller issues  because  the stocks  are harder to buy and sell quickly  .  
 cooper development  lost  5  to  5  after  it  reaffirmed  its  interest   in acquiring  cooper life  in  a stock-swap transaction   .  
  '  '    dr .  hammer  ' s british lawyer   ,  in  a letter  to  ebury press   ,  goes further  ,  charging that ``  it  is difficult to envisage  a more despicable attack  upon  a gentleman   who   ,  throughout  his long life   ,  has done so much for  his country  and so much in  the  interests   of  health care  and  world peace   .  
 ) for  stronger language   ,  and  many conservative western senators  will be anxious to end  the fight  because of  their  interest   in  funds  attached to  the underlying natural resources bill   .  
 ``  b . a . t  will still be  a conglomerate  with  a curious melange  of  tobacco  and  insurance  interests    .  
 as   interest  rates  fell about  a percentage point  during  the first nine months  of  this year   ,   issuers  took  advantage  of  lower financing costs  and sold  a record $ 193 . 9 billion  of  debt securities  to  the public   ,  up from  $ 181 . 4 billion  in  the same period last year   .  
 its net  interest  margin  --  the difference  between  its cost  of  funds  and  what   it  receives on  loans  -- has risen to  4 . 74 %  from  3 . 79 %   a year  ago  ,  largely because of  the high-yielding consumer loans   .  
 flow   ,  based in  mclean   ,   va .    ,  has   interests   in  defense work   ,   electronics   ,  and  software   .  
 friday   ,   september 29   ,   1989    the key u . s .   and  foreign annual  interest  rates  below are  a guide  to  general levels  but do n ' t always represent  actual transactions   .  
 addwest gold  holds  a 60 %  interest   in  the kendall gold mine  in  montana  as well as  various properties  in  that state  and in  california   .  
 the other  would add  the treasury secretary  to  the autonomous 12-member fed committee   that  manipulates  short-term  interest  rates   .  
 but  he  traces  his  interest   in reforming  the fed  to  complaints  from  constituents  during  the deep recession  of  the early 1980s   .  
 current law  instructs  the fed  `` to promote effectively  the goals  of  maximum employment   ,   stable prices  and  moderate long-term  interest  rates   .  
 the fed  might have to raise  short-term  interest  rates  for  a while  to yank down  the inflation rate   ,   he  concedes  .  
 but  he  claims that  that  would be offset by  an almost immediate drop  in   interest  rates  once  financial markets  understood that  congress  and  the fed  were serious about  eradicating inflation   .  
  '  '  by  raising  interest  rates  high enough  ,   he  suggests  ,   the fed  could cause  a recession  and bring down  inflation  as  it  did in  the early 1980s   .  
  '  '   politicians  always favor  easy money  and  low  interest  rates   ,  and  that  means  more inflation   ,   he  reasons  .  
 a major depressant   ,  according to  william o ' neill   ,   vice president  of  research  for  elders futures inc .    ,   new york   ,  could have been  a decline  in  prices  of  short-term  interest  rate futures   .  
 ``  that  could portend  a rise  in   interest  rates   ,   '  '   he  said  .  
 higher  interest  rates  hurt  precious metals  because  the metals  are n ' t  *interest-bearing investments  and must generate  price gains  to match  increases  in  *interest rates   ,   he  said  .  
 municipal bonds  did even  worse   ,  with  20-year general obligation bonds  posting  a 2 . 5 % negative total return  (  price changes  plus   interest  payments   .  
 by  lowering  interest  rates  just enough to keep  the economy  growing at  a moderate pace  without  accelerating inflation   ,   the fed  was attempting to steer  the economy  toward  its eighth year  of  economic expansion   .  
 the market  soared on  speculation  that   interest  rates  would continue to fall  .  
 such strong gains   ,  of  course   ,  may not happen if  the economy  suddenly picks up  strength  or if   interest  rates  rise  .  
 donald fine   ,   chief market analyst  at  chase manhattan bank   ,  expects  the  interest  rate  on  federal funds  to fall to about  8 . 5 %  by  year-end  from  its current target level  of about  9 %   .  
 and when  that  happens  ,   real  interest  rates  (  rates  adjusted for  inflation  ) will appear  higher   .  
 the launch  of  the holding company  by  one  of  europe  ' s most flamboyant capitalists  would be  the most spectacular sign  yet of  a growing  interest   by  western businesses  in  hungary   ,   the eastern european country   that  is regarded as having moved  the furthest  toward  a market economy   .  
  '  '   warner advisers friday  said  the company  is prepared to take  legal action  to protect  its  interests   and has already notified  sony  that  it  may consider  a suit  against  the japanese electronics  giant for inducing  a breach  of  contract  between  mr .  guber  and  warner   .  
 commodity futures trading commission member fowler west  declined to comment on  mr .  sandner  but said : ``  it   ' s in  the  interest   of  the self-regulator  to avoid even  the appearance  of  impropriety   .  
 mr .  beyer  said  he  became  aware  of  mr .  sandner  ' s  interest   in  abs  shortly after  it  was included in  merc regulatory filings march 13   .  
 his 1988 indirect  interest   in  abs was n ' t  disclosed in  merc regulatory filings   .  
 ``  i  would never allow  any  interest    i  have to influence  my thinking  on  an issue   ,   '  '   he  said  .  
 westinghouse  said  it  will receive about  $ 370 million  from  the zurich   ,   switzerland-based electrical-engineering giant  for  its 55 %  interest   in  the business   .  
  '  '   producer  and  founder aaron spelling   ,  in  a release   ,  spoke of ``  recent expressions  of   interest   in  the company   ,   '  '  and  ronald lightstone   ,   executive vice president   ,  said  several companies  had inquired about  a possible bid  but would n ' t specify if  an offer  is actually on  the table   .  
 c .  itoh  was  one  of  many companies   that  talked about buying at  least an equity  interest   in  MGMNP  ;  jvcvictor co .   of  japan   ,   which  is  50 %  owned by  matsushita   ,  recently agreed to invest more than  $ 100 million  in  a joint venture  with  independent hollywood producer larry gordon  to produce and finance  motion pictures   .  
 john m .  russell   ,   senior vice president  and  chief financial officer   ,  resigned to pursue  other  interests    .  
 he  succeeds  george p .  newman   ,   who  is leaving  virginia trading  to `` pursue  personal  and  community  interests    ,  including  ballet chicago  of  which   he  is  founder  and  president   ,   '  '   the company  said  .  
 the others   ,  however  ,  said  the central banks  have successfully cast  a bearish tone  to  the market  and added that  the continued threat  of  an official rise  in  west german  and  japanese  interest  rates  will further damp  enthusiasm  for  the u . s .  currency  in  the near term   .  
 the u . s .  federal reserve  will find  it  necessary  ,   he  says  ,  to  lower  interest  rates  to relieve  pressure  on  the junk-bond market  and to prevent  the u . s .  economy  from stalling  .  
 nick murphy   ,   an analyst  at  barclays  de  zoete wedd  in  london   ,  forecasts that  the dollar  will firm slightly during  the next few weeks   ,  but adds  its performance  will be nervous in  the face  of  further central-bank intervention  and  concern  about  a rise  in  west german  interest  rates   .  
 mr .  murphy  reckons that  u . s .   interest  rates  are set to remain where  they  are for  some time   .  
 mr .  goloven  is skeptical  the west germans  will increase   interest  rates  significantly  ,  but added that  the mark  remains  weak  within  the european monetary system   ,   which  could provide  impetus  for  the west germans  to boost  rates   .  
 resorts  has suspended   interest  payments  on  its bonds   ,  pending  a debt  restructuring  .  
 the reports  also cited  rumors  of  possible  interest   by  the bass family  of  texas   .  
 mr .  trump  has often bought  stock  in  companies  and then sold after  his buying  was disclosed and  the stocks  rose in  price  on  takeover speculation   ,   so his  interest   would n ' t necessarily presage  a bid  by  him   .  
  interest  rates  climbed further  .  
 the base rate  no longer steers  market  interest  rates   ,  but  it  still governs  mortgage loans  and  other types  of  consumer credit   .  
 london share prices  closed modestly  higher friday  on  a flurry  of  new trading-account buying  and  the retreat  of  worries  over  an imminent boost  in  u . k .   interest  rates   .  
 florida  failed to show that  the government  ' s  interest   was served by prohibiting  the accountants  '   from soliciting and bidding for  business   ,   the judge  ruled  .  
 as  the house  debated  its capital gains provision   ,   several democratic senators  met in  the office  of  florida sen .  bob graham  to discuss  their common  interest   in cutting  the capital  gains  tax rate   .  
 freshmen senators  such as  charles robb  of  virginia  and  joseph lieberman  of  connecticut  also have expressed   interest    .  
 in  particular   ,   the economic discussions  will be shaped by  the fact  that  banks  seem inclined to select  the principal  and   interest  reduction options  of  the brady plan   ,  reducing  the likelihood  of  large sums  of  fresh money  flowing to  mexico   .  
 equitable  said  it  expects to reach  an agreement  in  principle  shortly with  creditors   that  would permit  it  to forgo  payments  of  principal   ,  but not of   interest    ,  on  the $ 633 . 9 million  in  debt  through  nov .  30  while  it  negotiates  a longer-term  restructuring  .  
 it  added that  it  is currently paying   interest   on  all its debt  and  principal payments  on  its  publicly held  medium-term notes  as  they  fall due  .  
 profit  after  tax  and  minority  interests    ,  or  profit  attributable to  shareholders   ,  rose  25 %  to #  70 . 5 million  from  # 56 . 6 million   .  
 charges  for  minority  interests   totaled  # 6 . 5 million   ,  down  13 %  from  # 7 . 5 million  in  the year-earlier period   .  
 brick sales   ,  however  ,  have been  pressured  by  high  interest  rates  and  the related downturn  in  housing construction  and  repair activity   .  
 conagra  said  it  is n ' t aware of  any takeover  interest   in  the company   .  
  '  '   boatmen  ' s   ,   he  said  ,  `` along with banking  institutions  in  general   ,   '  '   will  in  the future  feel  a longterm squeeze  on  net  interest  margins  --  the so-called  ``  spread   '  '  between  what   a bank  pays for  funds  and  what *interest   it  can charge for  loans   .  
 although  final figures  are n ' t yet  available   ,   the third period  ' s net  interest  margin  narrowed somewhat from  4 . 11 %  in  the second quarter   .  
 but in  the u . s .    ,   any possible  interest   in marketing  the drug  has been dashed by  right-to-life groups   that  have made  it  clear  they  would lead  a boycott  of  any company   that  tried to market  the drug   .  
 he  said  american  ' s  interest   in  such a deal  is motivated more by seeking to position  sabre world-wide  than in boosting  american  ' s stock price  to discourage  u . s .  takeover artists  from making  a play  for  the airline   .  
 ``  we  have to be aware of  the  interest   of  financial buyers  in  the u . s .    ,   '  '   mr .  crandall  said  .  
 the warrant  offering in  london  by  salomon brothers international ltd .   is  an attempt  by  the investment house  to capitalize on   interest   in  the hong kong stock market   .  
 ``  we  believe  there   ' s  a lot  of   interest   in  the hong kong market   .  
 mr .  lim  says  uic  has been attracting   interest   from  overseas investors   .  
 sas  owns  23 hotels  directly and holds   interests   in  105  more through  its 40 % stake  in  intercontinental hotel corp .   acquired earlier  this year   .  
 they  think  it  is  more likely harlin  will offer  investors more equity  in  itself   ,  or perhaps persuade  elders   ,   one  of  australia  ' s biggest companies  with   interests   in  brewing   ,   financial services   ,   natural resources  and  agribusiness   ,  to sell  assets  and return  the cash  to  elders shareholders   .  
 in  a sept .  25 letter  to  dunkin   '   donuts franchise owners   ,   the company  ' s chairman   ,   robert m .  rosenberg   ,  said  certain franchise owners  have expressed  concerns  that  a takeover  might jeopardize  the dunkin   '   donuts system  and have offered to help finance  a leveraged  buy-out of  the company  as  a means  of protecting  their  interests    .  
 the company  also continues to pursue  a sale  of  an  interest   in  its showtime networks inc .  unit  to  other companies  in  the cable-tv industry   ,   mr .  biondi  said  .  
 viacom  said  its new 10-year bank agreement   ,  provided by  a group  led by  citicorp  ' s citibank n . a .  unit  and  bank  of  new york  will allow  it  to lower   interest  costs  significantly and to launch  a $ 500 million commercial paper program   ,   which  was approved by  the viacom board yesterday   .  
 as  he  grew  older   ,   mr .  fu  ' s  interest   in  politics  faded  .  
 additionally  ,   the pending sale  of  a 12 %  interest   in  enron oil  &amp;  gas   ,   which   moody  ' s  expects to generate  proceeds  of at  least $ 130 million   ,  will enable  enron  to continue  its ongoing debt-reduction program  and reduce  its interest burden   ,   moody  ' s  said  .  
 under  interlake  ' s restructuring plan   ,   which  is generally thought to have deflected  any possible mark iv  interest    ,   the company  also borrowed  $ 550 million  to pay for  the dividend  and to refinance  previous debt holdings   .  
 thermedics inc .   said  it  will redeem  its 5 . 5 % convertible subordinated debentures due 1996  on  oct .  31   ,    the redemption price  is  103 %  of  the principal amount  plus accrued   interest   to  the redemption date   .  
 artra  has   interests   in  fashion jewelry  and  assessories  and  food-industry supplies   .  
  '  '  although  several companies  including  merck  have  research  interests   in  angiotensin ii receptor antagonists   ,   a spokesman  for  merck  said  it  considers  du pont  to be leading  the pack   .  
 the initial rate  will be set  tuesday   ,    interest   will be paid quarterly  ,  and  the rate  on  the notes  will be  reset  monthly  .  
 dallas county utility  and  reclamation district   ,   texas  --  $ 91 . 8 million  of  unlimited tax  refunding and  improvement bonds   ,   series 1989   ,  with  current  interest  bonds  due in  1999  and  capital appreciation bonds due 2000-2020   ,  tentatively priced by  a merrill lynch capital markets group  to yield from  7 . 10 %  in  1999  to  7 . 70 %  to  maturity  in  2009-2020   .  
 there  are  $ 10 . 3 million  of  7 % current  interest  bonds  tentatively priced to yield  7 . 10 %  in  1999   .  
 thursday   ,   september 28   ,   1989    the key u . s .   and  foreign annual  interest  rates  below are  a guide  to  general levels  but do n ' t always represent  actual transactions   .  
 `` to protect  these things  are n ' t necessarily in  their best  interest    ,   '  '   he  says  .  
 in  the mortgage market   ,   traders  said  new york-based seaman  ' s bank  for  savings  sold as much as  $ 1 billion  of  derivative securities   ,  sparking   interest   in  an  otherwise  quiet market   .  
 as  the name  implies  ,   inverse floating-rate securities  '  yields  rise when   interest  rates  fall and drop when  rates  rise  .  
 a few wall street underwriters  ran up  large losses  in  april 1987  when  they  mispriced  hundreds  of  millions  of  dollars  of  inverse floating-rate issues  and saw  prices  drop as   interest  rates  soared  .  
 the notes  were priced with  an  interest  rate   that  will float even with  the one-month london interbank offered rate   ,  and  they  were being offered to  investors  at  various prices   .  
 though  many chains   that  have filed for  bankruptcy protection  or been forced to  restructure  were modestly profitable when acquired  ,   they  could n ' t support  17 %  interest  payments  and repay  bridge loans  while preserving  operating capital   .  
 ``  the annual  interest  payments  were  $ 11 million   ,   '  '  says  mr .  waters   .  
 ``  more equity  would have meant  smaller  interest  payments   ,  and would have provided cushioning to meet  the downturns   .  
 brady  and  his lieutenant david mulford  believe  the federal reserve  should lower   interest  rates   ,   which  would make  u . s .  investments  less attractive and bring down  the dollar   .  
 the house  counts as  revenue   the  interest   from  the escrow account  into  which   u . s .  panama canal fees  are being placed during  the struggle  to get  the panamanian dictator  to quit  .  
 some analysts  also predict  the federal reserve  will let  u . s .   interest  rates  slip lower to undercut  the dollar  ' s strength   .  
 the prospectus  also said  the combined holding  by  non-residents  of  canada  will be limited to  45 %   ,  and  the combined foreign voting  interest   ca n ' t exceed  25 %  on  any single resolution   .  
 in  london   ,   shares  fell sharply in  thin  trading marked by  nervousness  over   interest  rates  and  the pound  ' s weakness   .  
 dealers  said  shares  drifted lower throughout  the session  on  investor worries   that  u . k .    interest  rates  will need to be pushed higher to support  the pound   .  
  '  '  but now  ,  ``  he  trusts  me  because when  i  make  a decision   ,   he  knows  it   ' s in  his best  interest    ,   '  '   she  says  ,  adding  ,  ``  i   ' m not from  that old-boy network   .  
 the french financial holding company  said  that its group profit  after  payments  to  minority  interests   rose to  1 . 91 billion francs  (  $ 299 . 9 million  ) from  1 . 4 billion francs  in  the first   half  of  1988   .  
 the group  said  all its majority-held bank  interests   contributed to  the advance   .  
 however  ,  at  midafternoon   ,   the commodity exchange  ' s report  showed  that open  interest   in  copper   ,  or  the number  of  contracts   that  remain to be liquidated by  either   an opposite trade  or  delivery   ,  had dropped by  2 , 083   ,  to  19 , 063   .  
 the december open  interest   declined by  1 , 597 contracts   .  
 the report  said  there  had been  a structural change  in  the sugar market  in  that more demand  was coming from developing  countries   ,   which  are n ' t inclined to pay  higher prices  for  sugar   ,  and that  sugar-using industries  are keeping  smaller inventories  because of  high  interest  rates  and  other costs  of carrying  the supplies   ,   the analyst  said  .  
 vickers plc   ,   a british defense  and  engineering concern   ,  said  its pretax profit  for  the first   half  of  the year  increased  31 %   ,  largely from   interest  income  associated with  the sale  of  its howson-algraphy lithographic plate business  to  du pont co   .  
 at  the same time   ,   warner  has  its own  interests   to protect ;  guber-peters  has already begun developing and producing  a number  of  movies  with  warner funds  and  warner  is sure to act to secure  rights  to  those projects   .  
 but  the dealers  predicted  the chances  of  central banks  restraining  the dollar  will diminish over  time  without  a change  in  world  interest  rates   .  
 the proposal  also would repeal  a 50 % exclusion  on   interest   on  bank loans  for  making stock purchases  for  employee stock ownership plans   ,  repeal  an automatic reduction  in  airport  and  airway taxes   ,  impose  a tax  on  ozone-depleting chemicals   ,  and put  limits  on  refunds  to  companies   that  are involved in  leveraged buy-outs   .  
 ``  the dollar   ,   capital gains   ,    interest  rates   ,   technology stocks  --  these  are  the underpinnings  of  the market   .  
 that lump payment  should lower  harcourt  ' s  interest  bill  by roughly  $ 115 million   a year   ,  said  john berardi   ,   harcourt  ' s senior vice president  and  treasurer   .  
 loan covenants  require  harcourt  to pay  the bank debt  before  the high-yield notes   ,   which   ,  at  upwards  of  14 %  interest    ,  are much more weighty than  the bank debt   ,   which  carries  a 12 % *interest rate   .  
 mr .  bolduc  succeeds  terrence d .  daniels   ,   46   ,   who  resigned to pursue  other  interests    .  
 for  years   ,   yield-hungry investors  earned  extra  interest   by making federally insured  deposits  in  troubled s&ls   that  had to pay  above-market rates  to attract  funds   .  
 the principal  will be backed by  zero-coupon treasury bonds   ,  and  the treasury  is required by  law  to pay  the  interest   on  the securities  if  there  ever are  insufficient funds  from  other sources   .  
 the  interest    they  pay is exempt from  state  and  local income taxes   .  
 corporate  and  municipal bonds  typically can be called early -- presenting  investors  with  the unhappy chore  of reinvesting  their principal  at  a lower  interest  rate  than  they  had on  the bond   that  was called  .  
 )  neither  the congressional leadership  nor  the administration  has  any  interest   in holding up  revision  of  the debt ceiling   .  
 the shares  have more than doubled since then  ,  stirring  further  interest   in  the new-issues market   ,   mr .  franyo  says  .  
 discretion  is given to  the secretary  of  defense  to waive  the provisions  when judged in  the national  interest    .  
 as  an example   ,  consider  mary  and  tom blake   ,   who  are  both  over  65  and  eligible  for  medicare coverage  and  who   each  receive  $ 23 , 000  of  taxable pension  and   interest  income  and  $ 10 , 500  of  social security benefits   .  
 the director skips  through  the segments   that  might have given  the picture   some  interest    ,  especially  the doctor  ' s  (  mr .  whitaker  )  desire  to rehabilitate  johnny  through  plastic surgery   .  
 oryx energy   ,   an independent oil  and  natural gas producer   ,  has  a 53 . 9 % working  interest   and  blackstone oil co .   of  houston  is  the operator  of  the project  with  a 10 . 02 % *interest   .  
 oryx energy   ,   an independent oil  and  natural gas producer   ,  has  a 53 . 9 % working *interest  and  blackstone oil co .   of  houston  is  the operator  of  the project  with  a 10 . 02 %  interest    .  
 the remaining  interests   are divided among  many other partners   .  
 major u . s .   and  japanese concerns   ,  including  nippon life insurance co .    ,   mitsubishi estate inc .   and  jmb realty co .    ,  have voiced   interest   in acquiring  a stake  in  rockefeller group inc .    ,  according to  individuals  familiar with  the proposed rockefeller sale   .  
 they  are aware of  my  interest    ,   '  '   he  said  .  
 ray mikulich   ,   shearson managing director   ,  said  he  would n ' t confirm or deny   interest   by  such companies  as  nippon life   ,  of  tokyo   ,   one  of  the world  ' s largest institutional investors  ;  mitsubishi estate   ,   a major tokyo developer  and  international property owner  ; and  jmb   ,   a diversified u . s .  real-estate concern  based in  chicago   .  
 product sales  are ``  a sharp contrast  to  the days  when  biotechnology companies  lived off  meager contract research  and   interest  income   ,   '  '  says  ernst  ' s steven burrill   .  
 he  said  the polish government  is strictly controlling  credit expansion   ,  allowing   interest  rates  to float  ,  reducing  the government  ' s budget deficit  and moving to  a realistic   ,   unified exchange rate   .  
  '  '   to encourage  ethanol production   ,   big farmers  were given  government loans  at   interest  rates  below  inflation  to cover more than  80 %  of  investments  in  distilleries  on  their properties   .  
 shortening  maturities  suggest  higher  interest  rates  on  the horizon   ,  while lengthening  maturities  hint  rates  will come down  .  
 the government  ' s indiscriminate underwriting  of  deposits  has had  the perverse effect  of  drawing money  to  unsound financial institutions   ,   which  offer  higher  interest  rates  in  a desperate attempt  to crapshoot  their way  to  solvency   .  
 the prestigious awards   ,  presented in  new york   ,  are widely believed to be  an indicator  of  future nobel prize awards  and thus are watched with  great  interest   in  the medical  and  scientific communities   .  
 henley group inc .   said  it  plans to spin off  its land holdings  to  shareholders   ,  leaving  the company  with  diverse  interests   in  laboratory supply operations  and  industrial products   .  
 also included in  the package  will be  henley group  ' s headquarters building  in  la jolla   ,   calif .   and  a 50 %  interest   in  a new hampshire oceanfront development   .  
 the eight-year bond  will bear  annual  interest   of  10 . 5 %   that  may be paid in  cash  or in  the form  of  more debentures   .  
 it  is strange to see  those   who  call  themselves  ``  conservatives   '  '  subvert  their country  ' s  interests   in  the name  of  a free-market ideology  that  few countries practice   .  
 richard p .  arnold  resigned as  president  and  chief financial officer  of  this storage products manufacturer  to pursue  other  interests    .  
 joao ribeiro da fonseca   ,   52 years  old  ,   chief general manager  for  the europe   ,   middle east  and  africa region  of  this electronic payment-system organization   ,  said  he  will retire  early next year  to pursue  personal  interests   in  portugal   .  
 florida  --  $ 860 . 4 million  of  full faith  and  credit state board  of  education public education capital outlay bonds   ,   series 1989-a  ( refunding  bonds  )  ,  with  current  interest  bonds due 2023   ,   2024  and  2025   ,  tentatively priced by  a lazard freres  &amp;  co .  group   .  
 `` although  august data  failed to bring  the awaited recovery  of  home building  in  response  to  lower  interest  rates   ,  improving  sales  of newly completed  homes  suggest that  a rebound  of  building  is n ' t far off  .  
 the maker  of  hardware  and  printing supplies  said  mr .  fritzsche  will be succeeded by  longtime director daniel e .  virnich   ,   a 48-year-old denver businessman   whose personal holding company  has   interests   in manufacturing and  real estate   .  
 and  the keystone officers  will have  the right  to buy out  ta  ' s  interest   `` more than  five years  down  the road   .  
 they   ' re expecting  the west german bundesbank  to push   interest  rates  higher soon  ,  making  mark-denominated investments  more attractive  .  
 profit  after  tax  and  minority  interests    ,  or  profit  attributable to  shareholders   ,  rose to #  93 million   ,  or  6 . 02 pence   a share   ,  from  # 72 . 2 million   ,  or  4 . 85 pence   a share   ,   the year  before  .  
 the results  came amid  a sharp deterioration  in  the u . k .  housing market  brought on by  the high level  of   interest  rates   ,   abbey  said  .  
 in  the wake  of  lower-than-expected seat sales  to  the automobile industry   ,   a five-week labor strike  at  a battery plant  and  higher  interest  expenses   ,  among  other things   ,   johnson controls  said  it  expects  1989 profit  to drop  5 %  from  last year   .  
 profit  after  taxes  and  minority  interests   tumbled by  half  to #  15 . 8 million   ,  or  3 . 8 pence   a share  on  a  fully diluted  basis   ,  from  # 31 . 2 million   ,  or  7 . 2 pence   a share   .  
 some  say  such arrangements  raise  questions  about  possible conflicts  of   interest   : is  the consultant  really working for  the small client  or for  ,  say  ,   big insurance companies   .  
 a spokesman  said  the board  ' s rejection  stemmed  ,  in  part   ,  from  several terms  of  the offer  that  it  believes `` are n ' t in  the best  interests    '  '  of  the company  or  its shareholders   .  
 the spokeswoman  said  no decision  on how  the proceeds  will be spent will be made until after  the company  completes  the purchase  of  a minority  interest   in  a . l .  williams co .    ,   another insurance concern   .  
 sony  moved to secure  the transaction  by signing  an option agreement  with  coca cola co .   to purchase  its 49 %  interest   in  columbia   ,   which  is due for  ratification  at  a coke board meeting monday   .  
 sony  also entered into  an option agreement  with  allen  &amp;  co .    ,   which  owns  a 3 %  interest   in  columbia   .  
 as  part  of  the announcement yesterday   ,   columbia  ' s president  and  chief executive   ,   mr .  kaufman   ,  and  the company  ' s chief operating officer   ,   lewis j .  korman   ,  said  they  would leave  the company  to pursue  other  interests    ,  probably in  the entertainment industry   .  
 wednesday   ,   september 27   ,   1989    the key u . s .   and  foreign annual  interest  rates  below are  a guide  to  general levels  but do n ' t always represent  actual transactions   .  
  '  '   he  adds that ``  it   ' s not in  the nation  ' s  interest   or in  any one state  ' s *interest  to protect  the management  of  a company   that   ' s not doing well  '  '  from  possible takeovers   .  
  '  '   he  adds that ``  it   ' s not in  the nation  ' s *interest  or in  any one state  ' s  interest   to protect  the management  of  a company   that   ' s not doing well  '  '  from  possible takeovers   .  
 the oil industry  showed renewed   interest   in  the sea  off  newfoundland   ,  bidding  52 . 8 million canadian dollars  (  us$ 44 . 9 million  ) for  exploration rights  on  eight concessions  totaling  926 , 612 acres   .  
 gerry angevine   ,   president  of  the canadian energy research institute   ,  said   interest   in  exploration  is being spurred by  plans  to develop  the hibernia field   .  
 ``  this  will stimulate  additional  interest   among  thrifts   ,   '  '  said  kip weissman   ,   an attorney  with  silver   ,   freedman  &  taff  here  .  
 london shares  closed slightly lower on  continued nervousness  over  the direction  of  u . k .   interest  rates  and  corporate profitability   .  
 the deficits  have focused  attention  on  the prospects  for  an  interest  rate increase  in  the coming weeks   .  
 frankfurt prices  fell across  the board  amid  continued rumors   the bundesbank  will call for  an emergency meeting thursday  to raise   interest  rates   .  
 while  speculation  about  an imminent rise  in  german  interest  rates  has been making  the rounds  for  days   ,   it  intensified  this week   ,  sending  the dax index  into  a tailspin tuesday   that  cost  it   2 . 8 %  by  the end  of  wednesday  ' s session   .  
 zurich prices  tumbled in moderately  active  trading as  jitters  about  domestic  interest  rates  and  the bleak mood  on  other european stock markets  prompted  widespread  selling  ,   brokers  said  .  
 columbia pictures  added  14  to  26 12  on  4 . 9 million shares  after  sony  confirmed  reports  that  it  agreed to acquire  the company   ,  including  the 49 %  interest   owned by  coca-cola   ,  for  $ 27   a share   .  
 he  said  appropriate articles  would include almost  anything  `` as long as  it   ' s of   interest   to  the inmates   .  
 `` now  ,   they   ' re finding  the economy  better than expected and  their  interest   in  buying copper  is increasing  ,   '  '   he  said  .  
 foreign bonds    west german government bonds  came under  pressure  again as  market participants  become increasingly convinced that  the bundesbank  will boost   interest  rates  at  its oct .  5 meeting   .  
 traders  said  investors  have shown  little  interest   in  the bond auction  due to  the  relatively  low coupon rate   .  
 ima  is extending  the  offer to await  senate action  on  a proposal   that  could eliminate  the tax deductibility  of  certain  interest  payments  or  original issue discounts  on  debt securities  used to finance  the offer   .  
 ``  the system  ' s main  interest   is to maintain  the empire   ,   '  '   she  says  .  
 henley group  plans to spin off  its land holdings   ,  leaving  the company  with   interests   in  laboratory supply operations  and  industrial products   .  
 if  the bundesbank  raises  its key  interest  rates   ,   many other european central banks  are likely to follow  suit   .  
 national medical  said in  los angeles  that  all three  of  its operating groups  --  general hospitals   ,   specialty hospitals  and  nursing homes  -- posted  higher revenue  and  operating profits  before   interest   during  the quarter   .  
 national medical  said  it  will redeem  the debentures oct .  30  at  102 . 3 %  of  the principal amount  plus accrued   interest    .  
 the partners  over  15 years  were allowed to deduct from  their personal  taxes  the  interest   on  the borrowings   ,   depreciation  and  7 % investment tax credit   .  
 ``  we  understand that  a stable china  is in  the  interest   of  the united states   ,   '  '  said  mr .  wan   .  
 ``  china  is hopeless without  democracy   ,   '  '  said  mr .  wan   ,  adding  ,  ``  i  believe that making  a democratic  and  stable china  will be in  the  interest   of  the united states   .  
 under  terms  of  the loan   ,   o&amp;y   ' s fully diluted  stake  in  campeau  increased to  38 . 4 %  from  25 %  while  campeau chairman robert campeau   ' s fully diluted   interest   fell to  43 . 2 %  from  54 %   .  
 )  inc .    ,   its 83 . 8 % indirect  interest   in  ralphs grocery co .   and  some  of  campeau  ' s prime canadian properties   .  
 o&amp;y  said  its $ 250 million loan  to  campeau  bears   interest   at  9 . 875 %  annually and matures  sept .  15   ,   1991   .  
 `` and  what   they  are doing is ultimately not in  the best  interest   of  their clients   .  
 the associated landscape contractors  of  america   ,   a falls church   ,   va .    ,   trade association   that  kicked in  $ 25 , 000  for  the nasa study   ,  has  a shorter-term  interest   : selling  more plants   .  
 the documents  indicate that  mr .  sherman  `` agreed to continue to look after {  the company  ' s  }   interests   regarding  marine corps contracts   ,   '  '  in  one case receiving cash  directly from  mr .  lamberth   .  
 the average  interest  rate  rose to  8 . 7446 %  at  citicorp  ' s $ 50 million weekly auction  of  91-day commercial paper   ,  or  corporate ious   ,  from  8 . 5825 %  at  last week  ' s sale   .  
 even  worse   ,   a taxpayer  could borrow  the $ 2 , 000  for  his ira   ,  take  the tax deduction   ,  and deduct  the  interest   paid on  the loan    headlines  in  the press  such as ``  short  on  cash  for  an ira   .  
 we  analyzed  a sample  of  2 , 400 tax returns  filed between  1980  and  1984   ,  expecting to find that  taxpayers   who  opened  iras  during  1982-84  gradually reduced  their reported  interest   and  dividend income  as  they  shuffled  assets  out of  taxable accounts  and into  iras   .  
 even  the prospect  of  higher tax rates  during  retirement  ( when  the principal  plus   interest   is finally taxed ) may do little to damp  the joy  of denying  the irs its due   .  
 this  gives  our senior citizens   the security  of knowing that once  they  have paid  taxes  on  the earned income  during  their working years   ,   the money  saved in  an ira-plus   ,  and  all  interest    ,  will be  tax  free at  the time  of  retirement   .  
 mr .  holland  said  mr .  blair  ' s actions  at  the meeting  were `` in  accord  with  a plan conceived .  .  .   to protect  his personal  interests    .  
 the merc  said in  part  that  siegel  `` favored  its own  rather than  customers  '  best  interests    '  '  by making  trades  in  their accounts  without  customer approval   .  
 dow jones  &amp;  co .   began  its  previously announced  $ 18-a-share tender offer  for  shares  of  telerate inc .    ,   an electronic financial information company  in  which   dow jones  owns  a 67 %  interest    .  
 for  the moment   ,   that mix  wo n ' t include  a rise  in  west german  interest  rates   ,  though  .  
 mr .  waigel  ' s chief aide   ,   hans tietmeyer   ,  said  his country  would n ' t consider  raising  interest  rates  until  the current round  of  wage negotiations  with  labor unions  is completed  .  
 some analysts  have advocated  raising  interest  rates  in  japan  and  west germany  to reverse  the recent rise  in  the dollar  ' s value   .  
 he  said that since  mexico  and  its bankers  reached  a proposed agreement  following  the strategy   ,   domestic  interest  rates  in  that country  have dropped to  34 %  from  55 %   ,  cutting  the government  ' s *interest payments  on  its domestic debt  by as much as  $ 10 billion   a year   .  
 citing  the need  to conserve  foreign exchange   ,   brazil last week  failed to make  a scheduled $ 1 . 6 billion  interest  payment  to  its international banks   .  
 tuesday   ,   september 26   ,   1989    the key u . s .   and  foreign annual  interest  rates  below are  a guide  to  general levels  but do n ' t always represent  actual transactions   .  
 bruce m .  holland  resigned as  president  and  chief operating officer  of  this maker  of  computer-aided design systems  to pursue  other business  interests    .  
 ms .  kurtzig  appeared to have severed  all ties  with ask in  february  when  she  resigned as  chairwoman   ,  saying  she  wanted to pursue  other business  interests    .  
 ``  there   ' s  a terrible conflict  of   interest    '  '  among  investors  when  a scarcity  of  new capital  gives  the wealthiest partners power  to dictate financing  terms   ,   mr .  greene  said  .  
 but   interest   is rising fast :  an additional 17 %  said  they  would begin  electronic document transmissions  soon  .  
 but aside from  buying  interest   in  single-country stock funds  and  issues  of  movie companies   ,  trading remained  sluggish   .  
 as  a concession  to  the  ``  k   '  '   men   ,   dai-ichi  established  a small retail bank  in  los angeles   ,  keeping  a 5 %  interest   and placing  the remaining ownership  with  friendly companies   .  
 so  the bank  has started looking for  ways  to tap  medium-size companies  willing to pay  higher  interest  rates  than  the big multinationals  pay  .  
  '  '    tvsm  ' s venture  is spurred by  a rush  of   interest   from  advertisers  in and  publishers  of  cable  and  tv magazines   .  
 they  also worried that  the treasury  ' s huge borrowing needs  would drive up   interest  rates  further  .  
 the deal  ' s proposed structure  had n ' t been finalized by  late yesterday   ,  but  the offering  is expected to consist largely of  long current  interest  term bonds   ,  maturing to around  2025   .  
 foreign bonds   despite  the u . s .  dollar  ' s decline  on  foreign exchange markets   ,   prices  of  major foreign government bonds  fell on  fears  that  some central banks  in  europe  and  japan  may soon consider  raising  interest  rates  as  a way  to cut  the dollar  ' s strength   .  
 an official  at  first boston corp .    ,   which  underwrote  the issue   ,  said  the notes  drew   interest   from  a diverse set  of  investors  with  demand   far exceeding supply   .  
  '  '   while  the trade report  drew  substantive selling  into  the market   ,   dealers  said  knee-jerk concerns  over  u . k .   interest  rate increases  subsided and helped keep  the key index  from  an even sharper decline   .  
 drg  closed at  609   ,  up   share prices  on  the frankfurt stock exchange  closed sharply lower in  active  trading  ,   pressured  by  a lower dollar  and  fears  of  rising  interest  rates   .  
 mr .  poehl  said  monday  that  the bundesbank  is pondering whether  current  interest  rates  are consistent with  the strong economic growth  in  west germany   .  
 banking  stocks  were also sharply  lower   ,  as  analysts  fear that  another rate increase  will put  pressure  on  the banks  '   interest  margins   .  
 in  contrast   ,   mr .  stenholm  puts  a farmer  ' s priority  on  lowering  interest  rates   ,  and so is drawn to  a democratic alternative   that  promises to do more to reduce  the budget deficit  and also encourages  savings  by expanding  the  largely  middle-class tax break  for  individual retirement accounts   .  
 mr .  wyden  reflects  the administration  ' s effort  to exploit  local  interests   to reach beyond  the republican  ' s traditional conservative economic base  in  the democratic-controlled house   .  
 the speaker  is  a native  of  the pacific northwest  and is familiar with  many  of  the same economic  interests   driving  mr .  wyden   .  
 crs sirrine inc .   said  its crss capital inc .  unit  agreed in  principle  to buy  sithe energies u . s . a .  inc .   ' s 51 %  interest   in  three independent power projects   .  
 the british firm  would sell  its paper  and  retailing  interests    ,  including  saks fifth avenue  and  marshall field   ,  and focus on  tobacco  and  financial services   .  
 short  interest   rose  2 . 7 %  in  over-the-counter stocks  in  the month   that  ended in  mid-september   .  
 britain  ' s trade deficit  hit  $ 3 . 23 billion  in  august   ,   the third highest  ever  ,  reinforcing  a belief  that   interest  rates  will remain  high  in coming  months   .  
 the company  said  these assets  could include  its 43 . 7 %  interest   in  lead-zinc producer curragh resources inc .    ,  and  its controlling *interest  in  the gold-mining operations  within  pamour group   ,  including  pamour inc .    ,   giant yellowknife mines ltd .    ,   erg resources inc .    ,  and  pamorex minerals inc   .  
 the company  said  these assets  could include  its 43 . 7 % *interest  in  lead-zinc producer curragh resources inc .    ,  and  its controlling  interest   in  the gold-mining operations  within  pamour group   ,  including  pamour inc .    ,   giant yellowknife mines ltd .    ,   erg resources inc .    ,  and  pamorex minerals inc   .  
 merrill lynch  &amp;  co .   exercised  an option  to acquire  the  remaining  50 %  in  tandem financial group inc .    ,   an  interest   that  franklin resources inc .   had been in  discussions  to buy  .  
 under  the agreement   ,   ormat  will sell  a 50 %  interest   in  its puna geothermal ventures unit  to  hawaiian electric   .  
 while teaching  a sales management course last spring   ,   mr .  barnett  recruited  margaret lee   ,   wife  of  stetson president h .  douglas lee   ,  to give  a few lectures  on entertaining -- and  she  was impressed with  the students  '   interest    .  
 kaneb services inc .   said  it  expects to report  a gain  of over  $ 100 million  in  the third quarter  from  the sale  of  a 33 % limited-partner  interest   in  its kaneb pipe line partners limited partnership   .  
 nova  is  a pipeline   ,   oil  and  gas   ,  and  petrochemical concern  based in  calgary  ;  westcoast   ,  based in  vancouver   ,  has  oil   ,   gas   ,  and  pipeline  interests    .  
 ``  the government  ' s  interests   should be protected by  public officials   ,  not by  self-appointed  and  self-interested private parties   who  have suffered  no injury  at  all   ,   '  '  asserts  paul gewirtz   ,   a yale law professor   who  has submitted  papers  supporting  the contractors  to  the courts   .  
 somerset broadcasting  is  a unit  of  somerset group inc .    ,   a holding company  with   interests   in  broadcasting   ,  banking and  construction products   .  
 the mark  ' s attractiveness  will multiply if  the bundesbank  decides to raise  key  interest  rates   .  
 higher domestic  interest  rates  usually bolster  the national currency  by  drawing money  to  *interest-bearing investments  denominated in  that currency   .  
 if  central banks  intend to lower  the dollar  for  an extended period  -- and  this  appears to be  their goal  --  the most effective option  open to  them  is  a realignment  of   interest  rates   ,   traders  said  .  
 callable  after  five years  at  par   ,  then on  every  interest  payment date   .  
 may department stores co .   has also disclosed  its  interest   in selling  its caldor  and  venture discount businesses   .  
 in  addition   ,   b . a . t  would divest  its big u . s .   and  united kingdom paper businesses  and  u . k .   retailing   interests   to  existing shareholders  through  issues  of  new equity  in  the two businesses   ,   which  would be separately quoted on  london  ' s stock exchange   .  
 kaneb services inc .    ,   an offering  of  4 , 650 , 000 senior preference units   ,  representing  a 33 %  limited  partner  interest   in  kaneb pipe line partners l . p .    ,  via  goldman   ,   sachs  &amp;  co .   ;  bateman eichler   ,   hill richards inc .   ;  mcdonald  &  co .  securities inc .   ;  prescott   ,   ball  &amp;  turben inc .    ,  and  rauscher pierce refsnes inc   .  
 short  interest   in  both large  and  small nasdaq over-the-counter stocks  rose  ,  resulting in  a 2 . 7 % jump  as of  mid-september  from  a month  earlier  .  
 the increase  was smaller than  the 4 . 2 % rise  in  otc short  interest   posted  last month   .  
 but while  short  interest   rose only  1 %  among  large otc issues  as of  sept .  15   ,   it  surged  11 . 8 %  among  smaller stocks   .  
 the advance  in  otc short  interest   in  the latest month  compares with  a 1 . 3 % decline  in  short *interest  on  the new york stock exchange  and  an increase  of less than  1 %  on  the american stock exchange  during  the same period   .  
 the advance  in  otc short *interest  in  the latest month  compares with  a 1 . 3 % decline  in  short  interest   on  the new york stock exchange  and  an increase  of less than  1 %  on  the american stock exchange  during  the same period   .  
 among  nasdaq issues   ,   short  interest   in  acclaim entertainment  ballooned to  371 , 819 shares  from  9 , 992   .  
 short  interest   in  first executive   ,   a big buyer  of  junk bonds   ,  rose  18 %  to  2 . 5 million shares   .  
 summa medical  saw  its short  interest  jump 77 %  to  one million shares   .  
 short  interest   in  novell   ,   jaguar  and  st .  paul cos .   declined in  the latest month   .  
 short  interest   is  the number  of  shares  borrowed and sold but not yet replaced  .  
 although  a surge  in  short  interest   indicates  speculation  that  a stock  ' s price  will fall  ,   many analysts  view  a firm base  of  short *interest  as  healthy   ,  because  shares   that  are sold  short  must eventually be replaced through buying  .  
 although  a surge  in  short *interest  indicates  speculation  that  a stock  ' s price  will fall  ,   many analysts  view  a firm base  of  short  interest   as  healthy   ,  because  shares   that  are sold  short  must eventually be replaced through buying  .  
 the national association  of  securities dealers   ,   which  operates  the nasdaq computer system  on  which   5 , 200 otc issues trade   ,  compiles  short  interest  data  in  two categories  :  the  approximately  two-thirds   ,  and generally  biggest   ,   nasdaq stocks   that  trade on  the national market system  ; and  the one-third   ,  and generally  smaller   ,   stocks   that  are n ' t  a part  of  the system   .  
 as of  sept .  15   ,   short  interest   in  2 , 391 national market system securities  totaled  185 . 3 million shares   ,  compared with  183 . 4 million shares  in  2 , 413 issues  as of  mid-august   .  
 among  1 , 334  of  the smaller stocks  not on  the national market system   ,   short  interest   totaled nearly  38 million shares   ,  or  94 %  of  one day  ' s average volume   .  
 the adjacent tables  show  the issues  in  which   a short  interest  position  of at  least 50 , 000 shares  existed as of  sept .  15  or in  which there  was  a short position change  of at  least 25 , 000 shares  since  mid-august  ( see accompanying  tables  --  wsj sept .  26   ,   1989  )  .  
 officials  at  electronics makers toshiba corp .    ,   sanyo electric co .   and  matsushita electric industrial co .    ,  for  instance   ,  said  they  have  no immediate  interest   in buying  a foreign studio   .  
 mr .  o ' malley  said  price waterhouse   ,  while not always able to do  huge joint-venture computer installations  because of  conflict  of   interest   with  its audit work   ,  would continue to do  systems-strategies   ,   software-installation  and  tax-software work  for  clients   .  
 ``  i  do n ' t have  any  interest   in acquiring  a phone system  in  mexico   ,  but  we   ' d love to be  a supplier   ,   '  '   mr .  allen  said  .  
 with   interest   rates  a full percentage point  or  more  below  last spring  ' s levels   ,   many people  are focusing on  the financing  of  their biggest investment  --  their homes   .  
 the average  interest  rate  on  a 30-year fixed-rate mortgage  in  major metropolitan areas  was just under  10 % last week   ,  compared with  11 . 22 %  in  late march   ,  according to  bank rate monitor   ,   a north palm beach   ,   fla .    ,   newsletter   .  
 not only are   interest  rates  in  general  expected to dip  ,   he  says  ,  but  mortgage rates  usually decline during  the winter months   ,  when  demand  is low  .  
 some  of  them  have seen  payments  rise by  several hundred dollars   a month   ,  as   interest  rates  climbed steadily over  the past two years   .  
 borrowers   who  hire  lawyers  to represent  their own  interests   face  an additional charge   .  
  '  '    the big imponderable   ,  or  course   ,  is  what   ' s going to happen to   interest  rates   .  
 some rate-watchers  say  a  reasonably  strong economy  will keep   interest  rates  from falling further  .  
 a fixed rate  of about  10 %  may look  good  compared to  what   they   ' re paying now  ,  but  the adjustable-rate loan  could be  a better deal  later if   interest  rates  fall further  .  
 research  by  the u . s .  league  of  savings institutions  shows that  most holders  of  adjustable rate mortgages  have paid significantly less in   interest   than  they  would have on  fixed rate loans   .  
 in  the end   ,   a lot  comes down to where  you  think   interest  rates  are headed  ,   which  is  a hard call  for  professionals these days   ,  let alone  individual homeowners   .  
 shell  and  exxon   ,  in  turn   ,  will acquire  amoco  ' s 25 . 77 % equity  interest   in  block 21024a  in  the northern north sea  and  block 2120a  in  the central sector   .  
 the august data  reinforced  expectations  that  british banks  '  base  interest  rates  will remain at  14 %  or  increase  over  the next few months   .  
 since  june 1988   ,   the british government  has raised   interest  rates 10 times  in  an attempt  to stifle  the demand   that  is sucking in  imports  and  feeding inflation   ,   which  is running at  an annual rate  of  7 . 3 %   .  
 shortly after  the government  announced  the figures   ,   chancellor  of  the exchequer nigel lawson  reiterated that   interest  rates  will remain `` at  whatever level  is necessary to keep on  top  of  inflation   .  
  '  '    some private economists  suggested that  another set  of  poor trade figures  might prompt  the government  to raise   interest  rates  again  .  
 but  mr .  lawson  is likely to resist  such a  politically  unpopular move  as long as  possible   ,  particularly as  higher  interest  rates  could raise  mortgage rates  and thus fuel  higher inflation   .  
 yesterday   ,   british officials  said  they  long have expected  the current account  to be  one  of  the last economic indicators  to respond to  high  interest  rates   .  
 annualized   interest  rates  on  certain investments  as reported by  the federal reserve board  on  a weekly-average basis  :   a-discounted rate   .  
 and many bitterly remember  a major bond issue  in  stalin  ' s era  shortly after  world war ii   ,  when  people  were forced to buy  bonds  but never received  the promised  interest  payments   .  
 in  exchange  for   interest   on  the smallest loan   ,   senior lenders  will receive  series   a convertible  preferred  stock  equal to about  15 %  of  general homes  '  equity   .  
 mci communications  rose  34  to  45 5  on  2 . 2 million shares  ;  lin broadcasting  gained  3 34  to  108 7  on  speculation  that  mccaw cellular  might raise  its bid  for  lin   ,   which  has agreed to merge  its domestic cellular telephone  interests   with  bellsouth   .  
 the venice magistrate  ' s  interest   was understandable  .  
 monday   ,   september 25   ,   1989    the key u . s .   and  foreign annual  interest  rates  below are  a guide  to  general levels  but do n ' t always represent  actual transactions   .  
 the fairfield   ,   conn .    ,   concern  has   interests   in  many businesses  including  lighting   ,   plastics   ,   aircraft engines   ,   industrial products   ,   appliances   ,   electrical controls   ,   medical systems   ,   factory automation  and  broadcasting  and  financial services   .  
 holders  of about  $ 83 million face amount  of  seaman  ' s junior subordinated debentures  would receive about  an 8 % stake  in  seaman  in  return  for accepting  $ 20 . 8 million face amount  in  new securities   ,  also carrying  a lower  interest  rate  but ranking  higher  in  the financial structure  than  their current securities   .  
 under  the new terms   ,   the banks  will have  $ 150 million  of  12 % senior debt   ,  of  which  interest   will be currently payable on only  $ 125 million  until  nov .  15   ,   1992   .  
 the pay-in-kind securities   ,   which  pay   interest   in  the form  of  additional securities   ,  are likely to have  a market value  well below  their $ 50 million face value   ,  further increasing  the financial fallout  for  banks  from  the deal  if  they  decided to sell  those securities  before  maturity   .  
 that  would eliminate  any economic incentive   the federal reserve  might have to allow   interest  rates  to fall  .  
 drexel burnham  ' s ms .  cohen  said  stock prices  are at  a  sufficiently  high level  that  they  ca n ' t tolerate  a rise  in   interest  rates   .  
 yet  she  said that with  the dollar  declining and  a flood  of  new debt  issues about to come to  market   ,   higher  interest  rates  seem very likely  .  
 venezuela  and  its main commercial banks  are near  agreement  on  a short-term bank loan  of more than  $ 590 million  to enable  that country  to catch up on  overdue  interest  payments   ,   bankers  and  officials  said  .  
 during  the past few months   ,   venezuela  has fallen more than  $ 700 million  behind on   interest  payments  to  its commercial-bank creditors   .  
 that arrangement  is expected to include  new lending  and  some options  for  reducing debt  and   interest    ,  according to  bankers  attending  the annual meetings  here of  the international monetary fund  and  the world bank   .  
 but fired by  u . s .  rhetoric  on  the need  for  reductions  in  debt  and  debt-service costs   ,   venezuela  recently sought  a 50 %  cut in  its foreign-bank debt  or in  its  interest  payments   .  
 the post  at  newsweek  has been vacant since  january   ,  when  christopher m .  little  abruptly resigned to become  president  of  the much-smaller cowles magazine inc .    ,   a publisher  of  special  interest  magazines   .  
 predictably   ,   u . s .  law firms  '   interest   in  europe  has generated  a lively turf war   .  
 some foreign banks  are even considering  taking loan-defaulters  to  court   ,   a drastic step  in  china  because  court action  is viewed as harmful to  a foreign bank  ' s long-term  interests   in  china   .  
 often mr .  weber  had  a personal stake  in  the investments   ,   the lawsuit  says  ,  though  mr .  weber  ' s conflict  of   interest   was never disclosed to  mr .  joel   .  
 under  the pact   ,   oryx  sold  its  interests   in about  107 oil  and  gas fields  in  12 states  to  american exploration co .   of  houston   .  
 except for trading in  a euroyen  interest  rate futures contract   ,   the fledgling tokyo exchange  has been  a disappointment   ,   japanese futures traders  say  .  
 in  addition   ,   several other bidders  expressed   interest   in buying  some  of  the delaware  &amp;  hudson  ' s assets  rather than  the entire railroad   .  
 kent p .  shoemaker   ,   a former president  of  the d&amp;h   ,  leads  another bidder group   that  includes  investment bank wertheim schroder  and  other  interests    .  
 the market mood  improved on  the relative strength  of  the yen   ,   lower short-term domestic  interest  rates  and  higher bond prices   ,   traders  said  .  
 while stressing  they  have n ' t lowered  their guard  against  currency fluctuations  and  higher  interest  rates   ,   traders  and  fund managers  expressed  hope  for  more market advances   .  
 amid  thin dealings   ,   high-priced issues  continued to receive  buying  interest   following  friday  ' s gains   .  
 besides  a softer opening  on  wall street   ,   dealers  said  london  declined on  a lack  of   interest   in  fresh positions  ahead of  tuesday  ' s u . k .  balance  of  payments figures  for  august   .  
 also  ,  continued  lively  interest   from  foreign investors  hoping to capitalize on  the strengthening mark  added to  the market  ' s climb   .  
  '  '   as  a result  of  the apparent reprieve  in   interest  rate speculation   ,  banking  shares  gained sharply  monday   .  
 in  paris   ,    interest  rate concerns  acted as  a brake  on  recent speculative demand   .  
 traders  took  the statement  as  a sign  of  higher european  interest  rates  in  the near term  and began taking  profits  on  some  of  the issues   that  led  the market  to  last week  ' s string  of  three consecutive record  closes  .  
 sakata inx  established  a joint venture company  in  indonesia  called  pt sakata inx indonesia   ,  together with  a local publishing company  and  certain other  interests    .  
 jean gandois   ,   president  of  the state-controlled paris-based metals group   ,  told  a news conference  that consolidated  net   ,  after  payments  to  minority  interests    ,  jumped to  1 . 729 billion francs  (  us$ 262 million  ) from  744 million francs   a year  earlier  .  
 although  british airways  is receiving only  a 15 % voting  interest   in  united   ,   the $ 750 million amount  of  its investment  is  78 %  of  $ 965 million  in  cash equity  raised for  the purchase   .  
 in  washington   ,    interest   is building on  capitol hill  in  leveraged buy-outs  of  airlines  and  foreign ownership   .  
 but  he  said yesterday that  the court  had gone `` into  the matter  with  great care  and  the public  interest   has been served  '  '  by  the sentence   .  
 he  also added to  speculation  that  the west german central bank  might raise   interest  rates   .  
 some  say  it  will --  they  argue that  the dollar  is solidly supported by  the buoyant american economy  and relatively  low u . s .  inflation   ,  while  u . s .  inflation-adjusted  interest  rates  are high compared with  those  in  germany  and  japan   .  
 u . s .  treasury efforts  to get  the fed  to help bring down  the dollar  by  lowering  interest  rates  clearly have n ' t born  fruit   .  
 if  west germany  and  japan  do n ' t raise  domestic  interest  rates  and  the u . s .   lowers  rates  ``  this week   ,   the dollar  will resume going up slowly to  the highs  of  two marks we  had  a few days  ago  ,   '  '  said  roberto bianchi   ,   a vice president  at  union bank  of  switzerland  in  zurich   .  
 manufacturers  also agreed to sell  ,  for  $ 1 . 28 billion   ,   a 60 %  interest   in  the cit group   ,   the bank  ' s nationwide business finance company   ,  to  the dai-ichi kangyo bank ltd   .  
 mei   ,   which  currently has about  19 . 2 million common shares  outstanding  ,  is seeking to diversify beyond  its snack-food  interests    .  
  '  '   there  is growing   interest   among  precious metals traders  as to  what   the nations  will do to depress  the dollar   ,   she  said  ,  and  it  appears  they  want to reduce  it  substantially  ,  ``  which  would be favorable not only for  precious metals   ,  but for  the u . s .  economy  as  a whole   .  
 itel  said  its stake  includes  a 35 %  interest    it  bought in  the  publicly traded  company  as well as  a new issue  of  quadrum shares   .  
 itel  said  it  has  the option  to increase  its stake  to  more  than  50 %  of  quadrum   ,   which  has   interests   in  financial services  and  telecommunications equipment   .  
 mr .  yeres  thinks  the commodity-swap market  is taking off fast in  part  because of  trading sophistication   that  has built up in  the past five years  in  the much bigger swap markets  for   interest  rates  and  currencies   .  
 although  the sell-off  in  the market  has propped yields up to  levels   that  should be attractive to  domestic investors   ,  concerns that  the dollar  may continue  its slide  was expected to dampen  foreign buying  interest    .  
 `` had  it  not been for  this sudden collapse  in  the dollar   ,   we  might have seen  some   emerging  interest   in  the two-year  and  four-year note auctions  on  the part  of  the japanese   ,   '  '  said  david resler   ,   chief economist  at  normura securities international inc   .  
 some economists  contend that  individual investors   ,   who  typically buy  securities  at  treasury auctions  through  noncompetitive bids   ,  will show  strong  interest   for  the two-year notes   ,  repeating  the pattern  seen at  yesterday  ' s six-month bill sale   .  
 dealers  said  they  saw  a lot  of   interest   in  lomas paper yesterday   ,  but  they  added that trading was limited  ,  as  it  has been for  months   .  
 the deutsche mark bond market  often firms when  the dollar  falls  ,  but  dealers  said  monday  that  the lack  of buying  reflected concern  that  west germany  ' s central bank  will raise   interest  rates  sometime  next month   .  
 gordon n .  oakes jr .    ,   monarch  ' s chairman  and  chief executive   ,  said  the insurer  had terminated  talks  with  several companies   that  had expressed  an  interest   in buying  the unit   .  
 mr .  oakes  said  the  interest   that  other insurers  showed in  monarch  ' s disability income products  that was ``  the determining factor   '  '  in  the company  ' s decision  to keep  the unit   .  
 although  the colonial dames  actively maintain  their  interest   --  160  of  them  come  every two years  to take  tea  on  the lawn  --  upkeep  is  a problem   .  
 leaving  no cliche unturned   ,   the series  also proposes  a beautiful love  interest   for  dr .  kulani   .  
 students   ,   mr .  sowell  argues sensibly  ,  should choose not  the  ``  best school   ,   '  '  but  the school   that  best accommodates  their individual abilities  and   interests   :  an aspiring poet  ' s heaven  can be  an aspiring engineer  ' s hell   .  
 friday   ,   september 22   ,   1989    the key u . s .   and  foreign annual  interest  rates  below are  a guide  to  general levels  but do n ' t always represent  actual transactions   .  
 the spending figure   ,   which  includes  all outlays  except   interest  payments   ,  climbed  0 . 6 %  in  july   .  
  '  '    ps  of  new hampshire  filed for  bankruptcy-law protection  in  january 1988  because  it  was unable to meet   interest  payments  on  its $ 1 . 72 billion  in  debt   ,  much of  which  was taken on to finance  its 35 . 6 % stake  in  the long-delayed seabrook   ,   n . h .    ,   power plant   .  
 given  both mrs .  thatcher  ' s steadfast support  for  north american  interests   and  the unilateralist tendencies  of  the british opposition   ,   president bush  and  canadian prime minister brian mulroney  might do well to help  her  make  her point   .  
  '  '  for  britain   ,   freer access  to  a market  of  250 million prosperous  and  english-speaking people  could give  a needed boost  to  its  manufacturing and  marketing  interests    .  
 q  :  your colleagues   ,   budget director richard darman  and  economic adviser michael boskin   ,  have indicated  they   ' d like  the fed  to bring down   interest   rates  a little bit   .  
 he  blamed  the british sales  slump primarily on  high  interest  rates  and reduced  consumer spending   .  
 ( in  the meantime   ,  first  boston  is earning  a healthy  interest  rate  on  its campeau-related bonds   .  
 but  all three car makers  have denied  market rumors  about  their possible  interest   in  jaguar   .  
 ``  it   ' s not  all   that  clear  it   ' s in  the social  interest   to stop  this  shifting around of  assets   .  
 and  they  asked  the american officials  whether  they  thought  a 5 %  interest  rate  on  bonds  would attract  russian investors   .  
 many agents  are skeptical about  the poll  ' s unflattering findings  and argue that  it  only makes  sense  for  them  to act in  the consumer  ' s best  interest    .  
 president garcia  reportedly said  peru  could resume   interest  payments  if  it  won  a $ 500 million standby loan  plus  an $ 800 million bridging loan  to cover  its debts  to  the imf   .  
 (  2  )  these  sweeping  claims  of  national power draw sustenance  from  the court  ' s justification  for  the federal wage  and  hour standards  for  state  and  municipal employees  in  the garcia decision  :  states  do not need  any protection  by  the court   ,   the argument  runs  ,  because  they  are already quite adequately protected by  the national  ``  political process   ,   '  '   i . e .    ,   representation  of  local  interests   in  congress  and  the political parties   ,   the state-centered arithmetic  of  the electoral college   ,   etc   .  
 but to say that  local  interests   receive  a hearing  in  congress  is not to say that  the states  as policymaking  governments  receive  a hearing  there  .  
 while  unilever  no longer has  any financial  interest   in  the agency   ,   it  is far and away  lintas  ' s largest   ,  and  longest-standing   ,   client   .  
 the new bonds  would carry either  a below-market  interest  rate  or  a discount  on  the value  of  the original loan   .  
 it  triggered  a surge  of  new optimism  in  the country   ,   which  helped  the government  reduce  the high  interest  rates   it  had to pay to keep  skittish investors  from sending  more money  abroad  .  
 nonetheless  ,    interest  rates  remain  high  and  most  of  mexico  ' s savings  are in  volatile   ,   short-term instruments   .  
 cooker restaurant corp .   said  its employee stock ownership plan  has agreed to buy  1 , 084 , 606 shares   ,  or  10 %  of  its common stock   ,  for  $ 3 . 25   a share   ,   payable  over  2 12 years  without   interest    .  
 messrs .  hickey  and  hornbeck  have agreed to enter  non-competition agreements  and  a five-year agreement  not to acquire  an  interest   in  cooker  or to participate in  any proxy contest  regarding  cooker   .  
 the spain fund  has attracted  the most  interest   from  the japanese   .  
 but  the recent frenetic trading activity  also has sparked   interest   from  the big board   .  
 lotus development corp .   said  it  agreed to acquire  a 15 %  interest   in  sybase inc .    ,   a  closely held  developer  of  database software   .  
 lotus   ,   one  of  the software industry  ' s largest companies   ,  acquired  a minority  interest   in  another  closely held  company   ,   computer software developer rational systems inc .    ,  in  july   .  
 but while  blue-collar workers  could be laid off when  recessions  occurred  ,   machines  ca n ' t be fired  ,  and   interest  payments  do n ' t go away  .  
 ``  every recession  in  the last 35 years  -- and  there  have been  six  -- has happened because  the fed  kept tightening even though  the economy  slowed  ,   '  '  says  mr .  levine   ,   who  notes that  the fed  was quick to cut   interest  rates   this summer  when  job growth  slowed  .  
 a reacceleration  would bring on  higher  interest  rates   ,   which  would be likely to offset  stronger earnings gains   .  
 if  a bidder  buys  20 %  or  more  of  the telephone company  ' s stock   ,  or if  the board  finds that  a bidder   who  owns at  least 10 %  of  the stock  is ``  adverse   '  '  to  shareholders  '   interests    ,   the new rights  would allow  holders   ,  except  the hostile bidder   ,  to buy  more stock  at  half the price  at  that time   .  
 mr .  silbert  attributed  the disputes  principally to  the  compounding of   interest   and  divestiture  of  non-banking subsidiaries  prior to  1979   .  
 unified savings  had  $ 49 . 6 million  in only  600 deposit accounts  --  an indication  that  most  of  its deposits  were in  $ 100 , 000  `` brokered  '  '   accounts   ,   which  follow  small increases  in   interest  rates   .  
 aside from  belgium  and  the u . s .    ,   the company  has  smaller video-distribution  and  other film  interests   in  the netherlands   ,   luxembourg   ,   west germany   ,   france   ,   switzerland  and  spain   .  
 the pharmaceuticals concern  said  the notes  will be redeemed at  a price  of  104 . 725  plus accrued but  unpaid  interest   to  the redemption date   .  
 speculation  is widespread that   interest  rates  will drop over  the next few months   .  
 surveys  and  technical bond market readings  indicate  many money managers  expect  lower  interest  rates   this fall   .  
 they  worry  that high u . s .   interest  rates  are keeping  the dollar  too high in  the foreign-exchange markets   .  
 ms .  lazar  and  edward s .  hyman   ,   vice chairman   ,  are predicting  lower  interest  rates  over  the next few months   ,  with  further declines  next  year   .  
 one reason   they  expect  lower  interest  rates  is low  money-supply growth   .  
 in  march   ,  for  example   ,   surveys  showed  widespread fears  among  money managers  that  higher inflation  would drive up   interest  rates   .  
 with  all this borrowing  coming soon  ,   some traders  fear   interest  rates  have nowhere to go but up  .  
 are  the contrarians  right that   interest  rates  will soon rise  .  
 a spokesman  for  the raiders  had  no comment  on  the oakland proposal  ``  other  than  the fact  that  we   ' re very appreciative of  the  interest   shown  .  
 on  friday   ,   central realty president john a .  murphy  said in  a letter  to  major realty  ' s board  of  directors  that  central realty  ' s directors  were `` dumbfounded  '  '  at  major realty  ' s  ``  lack  of  sensitivity  to  shareholder  and  employee  interests    .  
 the company  also failed to pay   interest  due sept .  1   .  
 the deal  will be treated as  a  pooling of   interest    ,   which  combines  the income statements  and  balance sheets  of  the two companies  and does n ' t create  any good will   .  
 united merchants  '  board  authorized  mr .  ruskin  on  sept .  6  to develop  a proposal  to acquire  a controlling  interest   and implement  a reorganization  of  the company   .  
 ``  the company  to  date has n ' t  exhibited  exceptional  interest   in helping  shareholders   ,   '  '  says  painewebber inc .  analyst eli lustgarten   .  
 data  on  consumer income  and spending in  august  bolstered  perceptions  that  the fed  would be risking  an upturn  in  inflation  if  it  lowered   interest  rates   .  
 data  on  consumer income  and spending in  august  bolstered  perceptions  that  the fed  would be risking  an upturn  in  inflation  if  it  lowered   interest  rates   .  
 the u . s .  treasury  and  the japanese  have recently been urging  the u . s .  federal reserve  to cut   interest  rates  to reduce  upward pressure  on  the dollar   .  
 in  the absence  of   interest  rate changes   ,   the group  of  seven  will have to rely on  intervention  in  exchange markets  to influence  the dollar   .  
 the company  said  mr .  lawrence  resigned to `` pursue  other  interests    .  
 van kampen merritt prime rate income trust  --  11 . 5 million shares  of  beneficial  interest    ,  via  prudential-bache   .  
 kaneb pipe line partners l . p .   --  4 . 65 million units   ,  representing  senior limited partnership  interests    ,  via  goldman sachs   .  
 while  british air  will officially have only  a 15 % voting  interest   in  united   ,   its equity contribution  accounts for  78 %  of  the total equity  of  $ 965 million   .  
 the government  paid  $ 17 . 33 billion  in   interest  last month  on  the federal debt   .  
 chrysler corp .    ,  saying that  it  wanted to cash in on  an investment   that  had soared in  value   ,  sold about  half  of  its  interest   in  mitsubishi motors corp .    ,  in  a move   that  will bring  the u . s .  auto maker  about  $ 310 million  after  taxes   .  
 by settling  ,   he  added  ,   the companies  were able to halt accumulating  legal fees  and   interest   on  the judgment   .  
 manufacturers hanover corp .   said  its international-leasing subsidiary  sold  its 45 %  interest   in  korea industrial leasing co .   to  nippon credit bank ltd .    ,   tokyo   ,  for  $ 68 million   .  
 mr .  lipper  said  carl ruderman   ,   chairman  of  drake   ,  `` admitted to  me   he  can not afford to go forward with  venture   '  '  and is seeking  a buyer  for  the equity  interest    he  acquired  .  
 investor  interest   in  summit technology   ,   visx  and  taunton technologies  blossomed  last month  after  an article  in  this newspaper  said  the three companies  are racing to market  a version  of  a  highly specialized  laser  to correct  vision defects   .  
 gm  has raised  the  interest  rates  on  its cut-rate auto loans  ;  they  now range from  6 . 9 %  on  24-month loans  to  10 . 9 %  on  60-month loans   ,  compared with  terms  on  1989 models  as low as  2 . 9 %   .  
 investor  interest   was mainly targeted at  issues whose prices  seemed to move up quickly  .  
 amid  uncertainty  about  exchange rate directions  and  domestic  interest  rates   ,   institutional investors  remained sidelined through  the week   .  
 in  recent years   ,   he  says  ,   italy  `` has concentrated only on  monetary policy  -- `` by  keeping  interest  rates  high to finance  its huge deficit   .  
 mr .  cirino pomicino  hopes to change that by `` picking out  a few areas   that  are essential to  the national  interest   and concentrating on making  them  work  ,   '  '   he  says  .  
 the budget post   ,  however  ,  is sure to be  an even bigger  challenge  ,  because spending  cuts  involve attacking  long entrenched  interests   --  something   few politicians  seem willing to do  ,  especially in  italy   .  
 the bundesbank   ,  appearing to signal  a further rise  in  west german  interest  rates   ,  said  previous rate-tightening steps  have n ' t sufficiently reduced  the danger  of  inflation   .  
 in  its september report   ,   the central bank  said  its policy  of slowly forcing up  market  interest  rates   this summer  had only `` limited  success   '  '  in reducing  the cash  circulating in  the nation  ' s economy   .  
  '  '   it  said  west german  interest  rates  are still well below  the international average  and that  currency markets  are focusing on  the higher nominal *interest rates  offered by  other currencies   .  
 for  instance   ,   u s west  purchased  an  interest   in  a u . k .  cable company  that  one day  may be allowed to provide  telephone service  over  the cable network   .  
 ``  our actions  should n ' t be interpreted as  a lack  of   interest   in  international markets   ,   '  '  explains  mr .  malik   .  
 the other day   ,   mr .  bourassa   ,   who  angered  english-speaking quebeckers  by reneging on  a campaign promise  to permit  outdoor commercial signs  in  english   ,  squirmed through  an hourlong session  designed to reassure  these voters  -- about  a tenth  of  the electorate  -- that  he   ' d protect  their  interests    .  
 cie .   de  saint gobain  said  consolidated net income  after  payments  to  minority  interests   rose  15 %  to  2 . 01 billion french francs  (  $ 305 . 7 million  ) in  the first   half  of  1989   ,  reflecting continued  strong demand  across  most major markets  and  product ranges   .  
 but initially  the government  put  the second-quarter rate  at  1 . 7 %   ,  triggering  anxiety  that  the country  was heading for  a recession  and probably influencing  a federal reserve  move to let   interest  rates  fall in  late july   .  
 beginning in  march 1988  and continuing until  last spring   ,   the fed  steadily pushed up   interest  rates  to curb  economic activity  in  order  to restrain  inflation   .  
 generale d ' electricite  said  its group profit  after  payments  to  minority  interests   nearly tripled in  the first   half   ,  partly as  a result  of accounting  changes  linked to  the creation  of  its joint venture  with  general electric co .   of  britain   .  
 to tell  your readers  `` to find out  which bonds  are safe and  which ones  risky  ,  do n ' t look at  the ratings   ,   look  at  the  interest  rate   '  '  is  unsound advice   .  
  interest  rates  can fluctuate at  any time  for  many reasons  other than  a change  in  basic credit quality   .  
 the city  ' s bonds   that  were rated by  s&amp;p  continued to pay  principal  and   interest   and never went into  default   .  
 james pattison   ,   owner  of  jim pattison industries ltd .    ,  was elected  a director  of  this concern  with   interests   in engineering and  financial services   .  
  '  '   none  of  ferranti  ' s banks  threatened to call in  their loans   ,   this source  said --  it  would have been against  their own  interests   to have done so  .  
 intek  is  a holding company  with   interests   in  coating products  for  static control   ,  and is also  a maker  of  electrostatic simulation  and  testing equipment   .  
 the company  ' s low-key publicity campaign  has continued to generate   interest    .  
 traders  said  retail  interest   in  bonds  has dried up and  price moves  are driven mostly by  technical factors   .  
 in  a brief statement   ,   mr .  ankeny  conceded  he  is n ' t  the best person  to turn  first bank  around : `` given  the  challenges  the organization  faces  ,   i   ' ve determined that  it  is in  the best  interest   of  shareholders  and  employees  that  i  resign  '  '  as  chairman   ,   president  and  chief executive   .  
 by far  the worst  was holding onto  an $ 8 billion government bond position  through  rising  interest  rates  during  1987  in  the hope  that  rates  would decline ;  rates  did n ' t and  the value  of  the bonds  fell more than  $ 700 million  in  nine months   .  
 general signal   ,   which  has   interests   in  process control   ,   electrical   ,   semiconductor   ,   transportation  and  telecommunications systems   ,   has n ' t  had  anyone  in  the post  since  january   ,  when  theodore wiedemann  resigned for  personal reasons   .  
 itt consumer  is  a unit  of  new york-based itt corp .    ,   a multinational giant  with   interests   including  communications   ,   information  and  financial services   ,  manufacturing and  hotels   .  
 ``  the attorneys  general around  the country  have been made  aware  of  some  of  these practices  and will note  this settlement  with   interest    ,   '  '   mr .  van  de  kamp  said  .  
 any nation   that  believes ``  extraordinary events   '  '  endanger  its  ``  supreme  interests    '  '  may withdraw from  the proposed conventional arms-control treaty  after giving  three months  '  notice   .  
 short  interest   for  the month  ended  sept .  15  fell  1 . 3 %  on  the new york stock exchange  but crept up less than  1 %  to  a record  on  the american stock exchange   .  
 on  the big board   ,   short  interest   slipped to  547 , 347 , 585 shares  from  554 , 537 , 766   a month  earlier  .  
 on  the amex   ,   short  interest   reached  51 , 887 , 168 shares  from  an adjusted 51 , 844 , 137   .  
 short  interest   is  the number  of  shares   that  have n ' t yet been purchased for  return  to  lenders   .  
 although  a substantial short position  reflects  heavy speculation  that  a stock  ' s price  will decline  ,   some investors  consider  an increase  in  short  interest   bullish because  the borrowed shares  eventually must be bought back  .  
 fluctuation  in  short  interest   of  certain stocks  also may be caused partly by arbitraging  .  
 the level  of  negative sentiment  measured by  the big board short  interest  ratio  rose to  3 . 38  from  last month   ' s  3 . 13   .  
 the ratio  is  the number  of trading  days   ,  at  the exchange  ' s average trading volume   ,   that  would be required to convert  the total short  interest  position   .  
 the largest big board  drop in  short  interest  volume  was that of  panhandle eastern corp .    ,   a pipeline company   ,  to  495 , 904 shares  from  6 . 4 million   .  
 the adjacent tables  show  the big board  and  amex issues  in  which   a short  interest  position  of at  least 100 , 000 shares  existed as of  mid-september  or in  which there  was  a short position change  of at  least 50 , 000 shares  since  mid-august  ( see accompanying  tables  --  wsj sept .  22   ,   1989  )  .  
 mr .  schlossberg  thought  dinner  would be  a better way  to `` really communicate with  her  so  she  would take  a special  interest   in  me   .  
 cie .   de  saint gobain  said  consolidated net income  after  payments  to  minority  interests   rose  15 %  to  2 . 01 billion french francs  (  $ 305 . 7 million  ) in  the first   half  of  1989   ,  reflecting continued  strong demand  across  most major markets  and  product ranges   .  
 coats viyella plc   ,   a british textile manufacturer   ,  said  pretax profit  slumped  27 %  during  the latest six months   ,  as  high u . k .   interest  rates  and  rising imports  ripped into  profitability   .  
 for  the first six months  of  1989   ,   the company  reported  revenue  of  $ 1 . 77 billion  and  earnings  before   interest    ,   taxes  and  depreciation  of  $ 365 million   .  
 its net  interest  expenses  were  $ 238 million  in  the same period   .  
 under  the accord   ,   banks  can choose to make  new loans  and take  no charge  against  reserves  or to swap  their loans  for  bonds   that  carry either  a 35 % discount  in  face value  from  the loan amount  or  a below-market 6 . 25 %  interest  rate   .  
 budget  and  trade deficits  as well as  unemployment  outrank   interest  rates  as  economic concerns   .  
 gop rep .  martin  says  voters  '  wide  interests   are n ' t reflected in  what   she  calls  the media  ' s  ``  bikini treatment  :  skimpy coverage   that  calls  attention  to  the most sensational parts   .  
 note  :  capital  is defined as  owner  ' s equity   ,   reserves   ,   minority  interest    ,  preferred  stock  and  long-term debt   .  
 in  the letter   ,   mr .  preston  said  it  remained in  the company  ' s long-term  interest   to remain  independent   .  
 ford motor  ' s  interest   in  jaguar  continued to stir  *interest  in  the foreign car maker   ,   whose   american depositary receipts  were  the most active issue  on  nasdaq  ;  they  rose  1732  to  8 1316  on  turnover  of  4 . 1 million   .  
 ford motor  ' s *interest  in  jaguar  continued to stir   interest   in  the foreign car maker   ,   whose   american depositary receipts  were  the most active issue  on  nasdaq  ;  they  rose  1732  to  8 1316  on  turnover  of  4 . 1 million   .  
 both   the bush administration  and  the japanese  would like to see  the u . s .  federal reserve lower  interest  rates  --  a move   that  would weaken  the dollar  by making  u . s .  investments  less attractive  .  
 according to  some u . s .  officials   ,   the japanese  have offered to multiply  the power  of  a u . s .  *interest-rate cut  by boosting  their own  interest  rates  at  the same time   .  
 the selectiveness  reflected  an investors  '  move  to avoid committing  themselves  to  the market   ,  as  uncertainties  about  currencies  and  domestic  interest  rates  remained  strong   ,   traders  said  .  
 and  relative firmness  on  wall street   ,  along with  the lack  of  movement  by  west germany  on   interest  rates   ,  as feared  thursday   ,  helped to ease  fears  that  a major downward correction  was imminent  .  
 jaguar   ,   the focus  of  active dealings  since  ford motor  announced  its  interest   earlier  this week   ,  closed at  548   ,  up  38   ,  on  11 million shares  traded  .  
 )  in  1985   ,   a  little more than  a year  after leaving  the agency   ,   mr .  wilson  received  a 15 %  interest   -- then valued at  $ 750 , 000  -- in  a hud-backed florida apartment project  in  which   mr .  briscoe  was  the general partner   .  
 at  the private meeting mr .  wilson  arranged before  dinner  between  the hud secretary  and  the painewebber chairman   ,   the two men  discussed ``  general pleasantries  and  the sad state  of  the homeless   ,   '  '  according to  an official  of  the firm   ,  but not  painewebber  ' s  interest   in  doing business  with  hud   .  
 hud officials  nevertheless acknowledge  they  were concerned about  a possible conflict  of   interest    ,  with  painewebber  representing  both   the seller  and  buyer  of  various agency assets   .  
 the officials  put aside  their concerns  after reviewing  a legal opinion  asserting that ``  no conflict  of   interest   should arise  .  
 congress  passed  a law  specifically permitting  ginnie mae   ,  in  the  interests   of  preserving low-income housing   ,  to sell  the assets  to  a state agency  in  a negotiated sale  -- without seeking  competitive bids   .  
 federal  has had to pay   interest   on  money  borrowed in  connection  with  the acquisition  while  it  waded through  the process  of obtaining  regulatory approvals  for  the acquisition   .  
 the dollar  finished moderately  stronger   ,  barely reacting to  a decision  to leave  german  interest  rates  unchanged and  news  that  the second-quarter u . s .  gross national product  was lower than  earlier estimates   .  
 although  few  in  the market  had expected  the bundesbank  to raise  german  interest  rates  before  the g-7 gathering   ,   the market  had nonetheless been wary of  the possibility   .  
 as reported  ,   new york-based lin  agreed earlier  this month  to merge  its domestic cellular telephone  interests   with  bellsouth  in  a move  aimed at  thwarting mccaw  ' s bid   .  
  '  '    foreign bonds    west german government bonds  ended  weaker  even though  the policy-making unit  of  the deutsche bundesbank  left  important  interest  rates  unchanged  .  
 the market  ' s weakness  reflects  growing sentiment  that  the central bank  will eventually push   interest  rates  higher  .  
 anchor   ,   which  has said  it  has been talking to  third parties   ,  said that based on  the  ``   interests   indicated  '  '  by  those parties   ,   the company  ' s sale  would be  the best method  for  improving value  for  anchor shareholders   .  
 `` at  the present level  of  assets  and yields  ,  over  $ 400 million   a week  comes just from  the  interest   credited by  funds  to  individual accounts   ,   '  '  said  jacob dreyer   ,   vice president  and  chief economist  at  the washington   ,   d . c . -based trade group   .  
 capitol records  said  david berman  resigned as  president   ,   effective today   ,  `` to pursue  other  interests    .  
 westinghouse  has   interests   in  electrical products   ,   defense electronics   ,   financial services  and  broadcasting   .  
 `` though  this transaction  has  some 30 days  to become totally  effective   ,   we  wanted  you  to know of  this development  and how  we  feel  it   ' s in  the very best  interest   of  a&amp;m  ' s future   ,   '  '   the company  ' s co-chairman  and  chairman   ,   herb alpert  and  jerry moss   ,  said in  a note  to  the a&amp;m staff   ,   which  was later disclosed to  the media   .  
 thursday   ,   september 21   ,   1989    the key u . s .   and  foreign annual  interest  rates  below are  a guide  to  general levels  but do n ' t always represent  actual transactions   .  
 namely   ,   seaman furniture   ,   a furniture retailer  acquired by  kohlberg kravis roberts   that  has missed   interest  payments  on  its bonds  ;  g .  heileman   ,   a wisconsin brewer  bought by  the now-troubled   ,   australia-based bond corp .    ,  and  phillips beverage co .    ,   a minneapolis liquor distributor  acquired by  its management   .  
 fees  are larger and   interest  rates  are  1 12 percentage points  higher than on  other corporate loans   ,  according to  wells fargo   .  
 what  is unnerving about  first bank  is  that  -- after  a series  of  mishaps  in  energy   ,   real estate  and  agriculture loans   ,  and  a disastrous wrong-way bet  on   interest  rates   ,   it   ,  too  ,  believed  it  was taking  a conservative stance   .  
 a big cyclical company   ,  such as  amr   ,   parent  of  american airlines   ,  could raise  money  in  the stock market   ,  reduce  debt  and cut   interest  expense   ,   slash fares  and  undercut debt-laden competitors   .  
 big board short  interest   fell  1 . 3 %  for  the month  ended  sept .  15   .  
 hanson  has   interests   in  chemicals   ,   restaurants   ,   foods   ,  building  products   ,   cookware   ,  lighting and  other products   .  
 dow jones   ,   which  publishes  the wall street journal   ,  has been  an investor  in  telerate   ,   an electronic financial information  and  transaction services company   ,  since  1985   ,  when  it  purchased  a 32 %  interest    .  
 mr .  jacquette   ,   52 years  old  ,  succeeds  steven t .  darak   ,   who  resigned as  president  and  chief operating officer wednesday  to pursue  other  interests    .  
 ``  the common  interest   of  common ownership  will supersede  any parochial concerns   ,   '  '   he  predicts  .  
 ``  they  went from  asking  ' why  did  those no-good-bums  cut  us  loose  ,   '  to   ' who  is going to lend  us   money  at  what  interest  rates   .  
 raytheon   ,   which  used  a 1939 british design  to make  radar equipment  to detect  enemy planes  during  world war ii   ,  had purchased  a one-third  interest   in  new japan radio  in  1961  and made  its tube designs  available to  the japanese concern   .  
 marriott   ,   which  also has   interests   in  restaurants  and  contract-food services   ,  already has used  the franchising technique  successfully to expand  its marriott hotels  &  resorts  and  residence inn chains   .  
 the histadrut  owns  koor industries ltd .    ,   the state  ' s largest industrial conglomerate   whose  interests   in  steel   ,   electronics   ,   chemicals  and  consumer products  yielded  1988 sales  of  $ 2 . 34 billion   .  
 the acquisition  is expected to generate  wide  interest   because  there  has been  much publicity  in  recent years  over  drugs   which  are being touted as hair-growing or  wrinkle-fighting treatments   .  
 in  princeton   ,   n . j .    ,   a spokeswoman  for  squibb  declined to release  details  of  the drugs  '  studies   ,  but said that ``  there  was  sufficient data  to support  our  interest   in  this opportunity   .  
 whatever balance  should be struck between  consumers  '   interest   in getting  old drugs  cheaply and  their *interest  in seeing  new drugs  invented  ,   it  can be struck through  patent policy  rather than by forcing  generic makers  to jump through  needless paper-work hoops   .  
 whatever balance  should be struck between  consumers  '  *interest  in getting  old drugs  cheaply and  their  interest   in seeing  new drugs  invented  ,   it  can be struck through  patent policy  rather than by forcing  generic makers  to jump through  needless paper-work hoops   .  
 san miguel  said in  a report  to  its stockholders  that  higher wages   ,   production costs   ,  and   interest  rates  threaten  growth prospects  for  the second   half   .  
 goldstar industrial  is  a member company  of  lucky-goldstar   ,   a company  with   interests   in  electronics   ,   chemistry  and  energy   ,  and  a network  of  34 companies  and  110 , 000 employees  in more than  37 countries  world-wide  .  
 two other companies   ,   morgan stanley inc .   and  credit suisse first boston ltd .    ,  were  part  of  a consortium   that  conceived  the project  but later sold most of  its  interest   to  olympia  &amp;  york   .  
 additionally  ,   movements  in  exchange rates  can also be caused by  divergent  interest  rates   .  
 suppose  that  from  an initial point  of  equality   ,   the  interest  rate  on  british bonds  rises while that on  u . s .  bonds  remains  unchanged   .  
 because faster  monetary growth  can cause  faster economic growth  and  lower nominal  interest  rates   ,   it  can cause  the dollar  to fall  .  
 yesterday   ,   vw  and  volvo spokesmen  denied  speculation  about  their possible  interest   in  jaguar   .  
 american home   ,  involved in  anti-generic drug campaigns  over  the years   ,  surprised  some industry executives  when  it  acquired controlling   interest   in  quantum  in  1986   .  
 new york-based american home  has   interests   in  prescription  and  over-the-counter drugs   ,   medical supplies  and  food  and  household products   .  
 dr .  seife  testified that  he  began diverting  quantum  ' s drug applications  away from  mr .  chang  in  1986  to avoid  any appearance  of  conflict  of   interest   or  favoritism   .  
 the compromise  :  letters  arriving from  russia  could be opened by  anyone  because  they  might contain  news  of  general  interest   from  home   .  
 but when  the government  finally reined in  inflation  by  sending  interest  rates  soaring  ,   the kibbutzim  suddenly found  themselves  shockingly over-committed  .  
 and  the kibbutzim  generally have been able to renegotiate  their loans  at  lower  interest  rates   .  
 negotiations  for  long-term  financing  ,  involving  mr .  rodale  ' s acquisition  of  a minority  interest   in  the store   ,  are in  progress   ,   robert contant   ,   a saint mark  ' s partner   ,  added  .  
 they  also wanted to cap   interest  deductions  for  lbo borrowing   .  
 no more  ``  corporate raider   '  '   taxes   ,  but  there  is  a provision   that  limits  refunds  of  prior-year taxes  for  companies   that  show  losses  because of  high lbo  interest  costs   .  
 co lpl + etr    louisiana power  &amp;  light co .    ,   a unit  of  entergy corp .    ,  said  it  will redeem in  entirety  on  oct .  27   ,   five series  of  first mortgage bonds  at  100 %  of  the principal  plus   interest    .  
 sale  of  the equity  interest   will result in  a  ``  significant charge   '  '  but  the amount has n ' t  been determined  ,   it  added  .  
 currency traders  said that besides  a wariness  of  central bank action  against  the dollar   ,   there  also is  a fear  that  west germany  will boost   interest  rates today   .  
 although  the likelihood  of  such an increase  is n ' t great  ,   traders  do n ' t want to be holding  dollars  should  the bundesbank  decide  today  that  inflationary threats  justify  an  interest  rate increase   .  
 the battle  over  section 89  is really  a battle  over whether  congress  can be forced to represent  the people  instead of  its own peculiar  interests    .  
 bridge loans  pay   interest  rates   that  are as much as  four percentage points  above  the prime rate   ,  and as much as  five percentage points  above  the investment bank  ' s own cost  of borrowing  .  
 the ohio mattress price  is about  14 times   the company  ' s earnings  before   interest   and  taxes   ,  and  11 times its earnings  before  *interest   ,   taxes  and  depreciation   .  
 that  indicates that  the company  could have  difficulty  making  its  interest  payments  unless  its rapid growth  continues  .  
 in  other lbos   ,   typical prices  have been  seven  to  10 times   a company  ' s earnings  before   interest   and  taxes   .  
  interest  rates  often escalate  every six months   ,  and if  the loan  remains  outstanding  too long  ,   the wall street lender  can end up with  more collateral  or  a big equity stake  in  the company   ,  as  salomon brothers  did with  tvx broadcast group   ,   a television station owner   .  
 salomon   ,   which  had sunk  a total  of  $ 345 million  in  bridge loans  into  tvx broadcasting  and ended up owning  79 %  of  its equity   ,  recently agreed to sell  its  interest   to  paramount communications inc .   for  $ 110 million  in  cash  and  the assumption  of  $ 30 million  in  debt   .  
 texas air  ' s chairman   ,   frank lorenzo   ,  disclosed  last month  that  the company  is considering selling  an  interest   in  continental airlines   ,   its main operating unit   .  
 alaska airlines group   ,   the german carrier lufthansa  and  southwest airlines  have  all  expressed   interest   in buying  a share  of  sabre   .  
 u . s .  security officials  expect  the colombian drug cartels  to launch  terrorist attacks  against americans and  american  interests   to scare  the u . s .   away from  its anti-cartel stand   .  
 but  officials  said  they  do n ' t know of  any way  to protect  all u . s .   interests   in  such countries  as  bolivia   ,   peru  and  colombia   ,  where  the cartels  '  power  is immense  .  
 the junk-bond funds  continue to rake in  enormous  interest  payments   .  
 investors  have racked up  a measly 5 . 7 % total return   ,  or  price changes  plus   interest  payments   ,  for  a merrill lynch junk-bond index  in  the year  to  date   .  
 the buy-back   ,  at  par  plus accrued   interest    ,  would occur within  12 months  after  the  planned restructuring of  campeau  and  its subsidiaries  is completed  .  
 but  uncertainty  regarding  the direction  of  currencies  and  domestic  interest  rates  discouraged  further buying *interest   ,   traders  said  .  
 but  uncertainty  regarding  the direction  of  currencies  and  domestic *interest rates  discouraged  further buying  interest    ,   traders  said  .  
 steels  including  the  ``  big five   '  '  such as  nippon steel  and  kobe steel  as well as  smaller tokyo steel  and  nisshin steel  declined amid growing  expectations  of  higher  interest  rates   ,   traders  said  .  
 local banks  also attracted   interest   because of  speculation  about  mergers  and  acquisitions   .  
 london shares  closed higher but overall  the session  was marked by  modest volume  and  the continued absence  of  active institutional  interest    .  
 dealers  said  news  of  a possible hostile bid  for  jaguar  by  u . s .  auto maker ford motor  gave  the market   a much-needed shot  in  the arm  even though  the auto maker  ' s  interest   in  the u . k .  concern was n ' t  viewed as  a major surprise   .  
 the dollar  slid against  other major currencies  as  news reports  and  rumors  inflamed  concerns  about  the possibility  of  an  interest  rate increase  in  germany  and about  a weekend meeting  of  finance chiefs  from  the group  of  seven industrialized countries   .  
 although  many foreign-exchange traders  still voiced  skepticism   that today  ' s meeting  of  the bundesbank  ' s central bank council  will raise   interest  rates   ,   the traders  said  participants  are n ' t ready to buy  dollars  until  the issue  has been put to rest  .  
 for  weeks   the market  has been rife with  rumors  about  massive japanese  interest   in  the $ 140 million asset fund   .  
 instead  ,   executives  at  several japanese securities firms  said  ,   the major  interest   was coming from  individual japanese investors   .  
 nonetheless  ,   mr .  conlon  said  ,   the  interest   in  the spain fund  was widespread  ,  coming from more than just  the japanese   .  
 ms .  negus  of  donoghue  ' s money fund report  predicted that  money-fund yields  will decline  a bit  in coming  weeks  as  they  catch up with  other recent dips  in   interest  rates   .  
 the fed has n ' t  made  a move  since  it  pulled  short-term  interest  rates  down  a bit  in  late july   .  
 lower u . s .   interest  rates  would help restrain  the dollar   .  
 a twa official  told  a lawyer  representing  gay rights groups   ,  ``  we  are aware of  the non-traditional lifestyles  prevalent in  our society  and  our sole  interest   is  the promotion  of  travel   ,  not  social commentary   .  
 mexican officials  said  investors  in  the u . s .    ,   japan  and  europe  have expressed   interest   in  the plan   .  
 the move  has  ominous overtones  for  mexico  ' s chances  of getting  sufficient new bank loans  to  both  grow economically and meet  its  interest  payments  on  its debt   .  
 that accord  allows  banks three options  on  their debt  : to make  new loans  over  the next four years  totaling  25 %  of  their current exposure  and take  no charge  against  reserves   ,  or to swap  their loans  for  bonds   that  carry either  a 35 % discount  in  face value  from  the loan amount  or  a 6 . 25 %  interest  rate   .  
 under  the pact   ,   el paso  will sell back to  commercial federal savings  &amp;  loan association  about  600 , 000 shares  of  the s&amp;l  ' s preferred stock  for  $ 32 million  plus   interest   and  dividends   .  
 minorco  is  the foreign investment arm  of  anglo american corp .   of  south africa ltd .   and has mining and  industrial  interest   in  the u . k .    ,   north  and  south america  and  australia   .  
 bond traders  said  several other factors  contributed to  the market  ' s weak tone   ,  including  the prospect  of  a new supply  and  disappointment  that  the federal reserve  ' s so-called tan book  did n ' t show  sufficient slowing  in  the economy  to warrant  another  easing of   interest  rates  by  the fed   .  
 short-term  interest  rates  also rose  .  
 the selling  picked up  speed  later when  bank  of  japan governor satoshi sumita  refused to discuss   interest  rates  at  a  regularly scheduled  news conference   .  
 the redemption price  is equal to  100 34 %  of  the principal amount  of  each note   ,  plus accrued   interest   to  oct .  25   .  
 rockwell  has   interests   in  aerospace   ,   electronics   ,   automotive  and  graphics businesses   .  
 to protect  its  interest   in  plaza commerce   ,   comerica  has obtained  warrants  to acquire as much as  24 . 9 %  of  the common shares  of  plaza commerce   ,   comerica  said  .  
 wednesday   ,   september 20   ,   1989    the key u . s .   and  foreign annual  interest  rates  below are  a guide  to  general levels  but do n ' t always represent  actual transactions   .  
 since  1986   ,   reader  ' s digest association  has acquired  three special  interest  magazines   ,   travel-holiday   ,   the family handyman   ,  and  new choices   ,  formerly known as  50  plus  magazine   .  
 owen lipstein   ,   president  and  general partner  in  american health  and  the related special  interest  magazines   that  form  american health partners   ,  acknowledged that  he  is discussing  a sale  of  american health   ,  but declined to identify  the buyer   .  
  '  '   in  a terse internal memorandum   ,   eric gleacher   ,   head  of  morgan  ' s investment banking department   ,  said  mr .  garonzik  `` will be leaving  the firm  to pursue  his own business  interests    .  
 the move   ,   which   other banks  are likely to follow  ,  could hurt  mexico  ' s chances  of getting  enough new bank loans  to bolster  its economy  and meet   interest  payments   .  
 scott  ' s   ,   which  has   interests   in  fast food   ,   photography   ,   transportation  and  hotels   ,  will still `` have  room  to make  major acquisitions   '  '  following  the special cash payout   ,  said  bruce dodds   ,   senior vice president  and  chief financial officer   .  
 monroe county airport authority   ,   n . y .   --  $ 108 . 5 million  of  greater rochester international airport revenue bonds   ,   series 1989   ,  with  current  interest  bonds due 1994-2001   ,   2009  and  2019  and  capital appreciation bonds due 2002-2004   ,  priced by  a smith barney   ,   harris upham  &amp;  co .  group  to yield from  6 . 55 %  in  1994  to  7 . 65 %  in  2019   .  
  interest   on  the bonds  will be treated as  a preference item  in calculating  the federal alternative minimum tax   .  
 the current  interest  serial bonds  are being reoffered at  par  to yield from  6 . 60 %  in  1994  to  7 . 20 %  in  2001   .  
 there  are  $ 19 . 2 million  of  7 14 % current  interest  term bonds  priced at  96 . 965  to yield  7 . 55 %  in  2009  and  $ 65 . 6 million  of  7 14 % current *interest term bonds  priced at  95 . 336  to yield  7 . 65 %  in  2019   .  
 although first  executive  has  $ 329 million  of  bonds   that  have stopped  paying  interest    ,   this person  adds  ,  in  1989 it  will have  $ 2 billion  of  cash investment income  to cover about  $ 1 . 4 billion  of  *interest obligations  to  policyholders  and related  expenses   .  
 profit  after  taxes  and  minority  interests   advanced  22 %  to #  95 . 1 million   ,  or  13 . 2 pence   a share   ,  from  # 78 . 2 million   ,  or  11 pence   ,  in  the first six months  of  1988   .  
 faced with sharply  higher  interest  rates  and  flagging demand  for  new homes  in  britain   ,   tarmac  `` made  the most  of  its opportunities  in  the first   half   ,   '  '  said  eric pountain   ,   tarmac  ' s chairman   .  
 the housing industry  was battered earlier  this year  by  the federal reserve  ' s efforts  to restrain  economic activity  and  hold  down  inflation  by  raising  interest  rates   .  
 home  building and buying picked up  a bit  after  the fed  began nudging   interest  rates  down  ,  but  mr .  seiders  said  the latest numbers  show  that talk  of  a rebound  in housing was premature  .  
 profit  after  taxes  and  minority  interests    ,  or  profit  attributable to  shareholders   ,  rose  20 %  to #  690 million   ,  or  92 . 4 pence  (  $ 1 . 45  )  a share   ,  from  # 576 million   ,  or  77 . 1 pence   a share   .  
 because  they  offer  a chance  at  making money  on  the stock   ,   the bonds  pay  very low  interest  rates   .  
 so far  ,   there   ' s  no dearth  of   interest   in helping  hanwa  raise  money   .  
 calmat  ' s  interests   include  concrete   ,   asphalt  and  land development   .  
 bond corp .   also agreed yesterday to sell  its 67 . 7 %  interest   in  the harriet oil field   ,  off  the northwestern coast  of  australia   ,  for  a$ 220 million  -- at  an undisclosed profit  -- to  aviva petroleum inc .    ,   a small   ,   british-based independent oil concern   .  
 the new zealand company  also has agreed to arrange  funds  for  bell resources  to buy back about  a$ 600 million  of  bonds   it  has issued that are convertible into  bell resources  shares  ,  and to arrange  funds  to repurchase  an undisclosed amount  of  subordinated debentures  issued by  bond corp .   brewing   interests    .  
 the merc  alleged that  siegel trading  `` favored  its own  rather than  customers  '  best  interests    '  '  by making  trades  in  customers  '  accounts  without  their approval   .  
 tuesday   ,   september 19   ,   1989    the key u . s .   and  foreign annual  interest  rates  below are  a guide  to  general levels  but do n ' t always represent  actual transactions   .  
 relatively  small groups  organized around narrowly focused   interests   find  advantage  in  lobbying government  for  programs   that  serve  those *interests   .  
 relatively  small groups  organized around narrowly focused  *interests  find  advantage  in  lobbying government  for  programs   that  serve  those  interests    .  
 brazil  has so far failed to make  a $ 1 . 6 billion  interest  payment   that  was due to  banks monday   ,   bankers  and  brazilian officials  said  .  
 this  would boost  brazil  ' s ability  to make   interest  payments   .  
 even if  there  is  no short-term imf agreement   ,  though  ,   brazil  still may choose to make  some  of  the  interest  payment  now overdue to  banks   .  
 brazilian officials  have warned in  recent weeks  that  they  wo n ' t run  their foreign-exchange reserves  below ``  reasonable levels   '  '  to make   interest  payments  to  banks   .  
 such a facility  is unnecessary  ,   he  told  congress   ,  stressing that  it  would disrupt and delay  cuts  in  debt  and   interest  payments  under  the present strengthened debt strategy   .  
 the  fully diluted  equity  interest   of  mr .  campeau   ,   chairman  and  chief executive officer   ,  will fall to  43 . 2 %  from  54 %   .  
 allied will use  a portion  of  the $ 250 million loan  to make  an  interest  payment due last friday  on  its 11 12 % senior subordinated debentures   .  
 those  viewing  banks  favorably may have been thinking about  the higher  interest  rates banks  started paying on  deposits  after  deregulation   ,   image consultants  suggest  ,  while  those  with  a low opinion  may have been reacting to  the savings  and  loan crisis   .  
  '  '    investments  : ``  people   who  are perceived as trying to sell  you   something  without having  your best  interests   at  heart  are always going to come up on  the negative side   ,   '  '  says  mr .  schroer  of  booz   ,   allen  &amp;  hamilton   .  
 for  that reason   ,   individuals  should ``  rebalance  with  cash flow   '  '  from  dividends   ,    interest   and  new savings   ,  says  michael lipper   ,   head  of  lipper analytical services   .  
 bonds   ,  unlike  stocks   ,  offer  good gains  if  recession  drives down   interest  rates  ;  they  also provide  higher current income  and  more stable returns   .  
 his analysis  tries to adjust for  the effect  of  big changes  -- such as  the federal reserve   ' s freeing of   interest  rates  in  1979  or  the big spike  in  inflation  in  the last decade  -- on  the relative behavior  of  different assets   .  
 pantera   ' s  ,   which  operates  the pizza inn chain   ,  received  a waiver  from  its lenders  extending until  sept .  29   a $ 4 . 6 million  interest   and  principal payment   that  had been due  aug .  1   .  
 pantera   ' s also failed to pay   interest  due sept .  1  on  $ 6 . 9 million  in  debentures   ,  saying  a condition  of  its waiver  prevented  it  from making  the payments   .  
 the debentures  can be declared in  default 30 days  after  the  interest  payment  is missed  .  
 mr .  dougherty  currently is looking for  1990 pretax earnings  of  # 82 million   ,  or  18 pence   a share   ,  including  # 7 million  of   interest  income  on  the proceeds  of  the sale   .  
 but  industry executives  said  marsh  &amp;  mclennan  has expressed   interest   in  the cleveland consulting unit   ,  and  mcgraw-hill   ,   alexander proudfoot   ,  and  dun  &  bradstreet  have made  some inquiries   .  
 they  said  saatchi  ' s largest consulting unit   ,   hay group   ,  was attracting  less  interest   than  some  of  the smaller companies  because of  its size  and  some financial problems  at  the unit   .  
 but  they  said  gartner management  would offer less than  the  approximately  $ 85 million saatchi  paid for  the consultant   ,  while  saatchi  hopes to command  a premium  for  the firm   ,   which  has attracted  a fair amount  of   interest    .  
 current  interest  serial bonds  are due  1991-2005   ,   2008   ,   2015   ,   2017  and  2018   .  
 among  special obligation bonds   ,   current  interest  bonds  are due  1990-1998   ,  and  non-callable capital appreciation bonds  are  due 1999-2007   .  
 the current  interest  bonds  are priced to yield from  5 . 90 %  in  1990  to  6 . 70 %  in  1998   .  
 texas municipal power agency  --  $ 197 . 2 million  of  refunding revenue bonds   ,   series 1989   ,  with  current  interest  bonds due 1990-2000  and  2002  and  non-callable capital appreciation bonds due 2003-2012   ,  priced by  a goldman sachs  &amp;  co .  group  to yield from  6 . 10 %  in  1990  to  7 . 35 %  to  maturity  for  capital appreciation bonds due 2007-2012   .  
 in  a filing  with  the securities  and  exchange commission   ,   shearson  said  it  is also considering having  gulf applied  acquire  businesses  or   interests   in  oil  and  gas properties  or liquidating or  selling part  of  the company  ' s assets   .  
 csr ltd .   and  pioneer international ltd .   agreed to buy  the  interests  effective sept .  1   ,  according to  a statement  from  peat marwick hungerfords   .  
 hooker   ,   a property  and  retail concern  with  u . s .   interests    ,  turned  itself  over to  the court-appointed provisional liquidator  in  july  because of  a cash shortage   .  
 the restructuring plan  proposes that  the debt  be  swapped  for  the following  :  -- for  13 7 % mortgage notes due 1998  :  new 10 % series b notes   ,  with  payment-in-kind option  allowing  the company  to issue  more debt  in  lieu  of  cash  interest  payments  for  the first three years   .  
 resorts  also has  $ 600 million  of  unsecured junior debt  outstanding at   interest  rates  ranging from  10 %  to  16 5 %   .  
 as  the directions  of  the foreign exchange market  and  domestic  interest  rates  remained  unclear   ,   investors  were cautious  ,  shying away from  active  buying  ,   traders  said  .  
 traders  said  the sector  attracted  investor  interest   because of  their strong earnings outlook  due to  growing demand  for  high-quality houses   .  
 real estates  and  railways  received  buying  interest   for  earnings prospects  based on  existing property holdings tuesday   ,  but ended mixed as  investors  took  profits   ,   traders  said  .  
 the bundesbank  ' s central bank council  is slated to meet  tomorrow   ,  and although  an increase  in  german  interest  rates  is n ' t widely expected to  result   ,   participants  are reluctant to risk  new positions  in  case   the bundesbank defies predictions   ,   foreign-exchange traders  said  .  
 participants  viewed  the slower economic data  as increasing  chances  of  renewed  interest  rate reductions  by  the u . s .  fed   ,   traders  said  .  
 lower  interest  rates  generally hurt  the domestic currency  by reducing  the attractiveness  of  *interest-bearing investments  denominated in  that currency   .  
 until  u . s .   interest  rates decline   ,   a lower inflation rate  will keep  inflation-adjusted yields  attractive  ,   dealers  noted  .  
 the yen  has weakened against  the mark  in  recent days  because  the bundesbank  is seen as more likely to raise   interest  rates  in  the near future  than  japan  ' s central bank   .  
  '  '   he  said  the goal  of  u . s .  policy  should be to `` find  points  of  mutual advantage   ,   gains   that  help  them   ,  but that also  ,  at  the same time   ,  serve  our  interests    .  
 the department  ' s reaction  to  the northwest deal  is of  keen  interest   to  the aviation community  and to  congress   ,  where  concern  is building about  the implications  of  leveraged buy-outs  and  the involvement  of  foreign airlines  in helping to finance  the transactions   .  
 ``  i  will not allow  excessive debt  in  the airline industry  to jeopardize  the public  interest    ,  especially in  the area  of  safety   ,   '  '   he  said  .  
 but  the companies  '  combined voting  interest   is under  20 %  because  $ 400 million  of  their stake  is in  preferred stock   .  
 the average  interest  rate  fell for  the third consecutive week   ,  to  8 . 5825 %  from  8 . 6150 % last week   ,  at  citicorp  ' s $ 50 million weekly auction  of  91-day commercial paper   ,  or  corporate ious   .  
 ``  i  have been watching  his studies  with  great  interest   and  admiration   ,   '  '  says  victor mckusick   ,   a johns hopkins geneticist   who  is recognized for  ,  among  other things   ,   extensive research  on  the amish   .  
 his corporate canvas   ,   which  includes  brewing   ,   media   ,   resources  and  property  interests    ,  is in  tatters   .  
 but with  australia  now committed to  keeping  interest  rates  high  ,  that  era  is over  .  
 that  swelled  the foreign-debt burden   ,  so  the government  raised  domestic  interest  rates  to  slow demand   .  
 domestic  interest  rates  are likely to stay  high   ,  causing  economists  and  others  to warn of  more corporate failure   .  
 merrill lynch  &amp;  co .   withdrew as  lead manager  of  a a$ 1 billion bond issue mr .  holmes   a court  ' s bell resources ltd .   would have used to reduce  its  interest  bill   .  
 ``  the idea  was  he  might make  it   ,   '  '   one banker  says  ,  but ``  high  interest  rates  changed  a lot   .  
 david maxwell   ,   fannie mae  ' s chairman   ,  said  the split  and  the dividend increase  `` reflect  our confidence  in  fannie mae  ' s continued success  and  our  interest   in broadening  the distribution  of  our stock   .  
 the company  said  thomas csathy   ,   its president  and  chief operating officer  since  1986   ,  has resigned `` to pursue  other  interests    .  
 the notion  stems from  sen .  bentsen  ' s  interest   in encouraging  long-range thinking  by  american business *interests  and in  discouraging short-term  trading for  quick profits   .  
 short-term  interest  rates  rose slightly  .  
 either  the yen  will weaken further  ,  as  many analysts  believe  ,  or  the bank  of  japan  will boost   interest  rates  to defend  the yen  as well as quell  domestic inflationary pressures   .  
 mr .  gross  observed that  the open  interest    ,  or  the number  of  contracts  remaining to be nullified by  an opposite trade  or fulfilled by  delivery  of  copper   ,  at  3 , 750 contracts  yesterday was equal to  46 , 875 tons   ,  or about  three times   the amount  of  copper  in  storage  for  delivery  against  the september contract   .  
 because  prices  will probably rise in  the next few months   ,   many analysts  concluded that  the federal reserve  wo n ' t lower   interest  rates  anytime soon  .  
 and  his habit  of shuffling  investments  within  his amorphous corporate structure  confuses even  admirers  and deflects  the  interest   of  major institutional investors  from  all  but  one  or  two  of  his companies   .  
 in  return   ,   richfield  is seeking  a stake  of at  least 65 %  in  the australian company   ,   which  owns  substantial retail  and  property  interests   in  the u . s   .  
 according to  a company chart  dated  july 17   ,   mr .  lo  owns  a 51 . 7 %  interest   in  century city   ,   the group holding concern   .  
 his effective  interest   in  richfield   ,  after filtering through  several other affiliate companies   ,  comes to just  18 %   .  
 news corp .   sold  its book-publishing  interests    ,  including  harper  &amp;  row publishers inc .   and  william collins plc   ,  for about  $ 1 . 3 billion  to  a joint-venture company  owned by  news corp .   and  a company  associated with  credit suisse  first  boston   .  
 annualized   interest  rates  on  certain investments  as reported by  the federal reserve board  on  a weekly-average basis  :   a-discounted rate   .  
 he  succeeds  c . j .  byrne mcnamara   ,   who  left  the company  to pursue  other  interests    .  
 the debt service   ,  or  the principal  and   interest  obligations  falling due  ,  amounts to nearly  half  of  the region  ' s export revenues   .  
 as  a result   ,   mlx  would acquire  the outstanding minority  interests   in  its two principal operating subsidiaries   .  
 does  the risk  of  hostile takeovers  force  corporate officers  to focus on  the short term  and ignore  the corporation  ' s long-range  interests    .  
 then  ,  of  course   ,   there  is  the question  of  what role stock exchanges  will play in  this future world  of  narrow ownership  and  less  interest   in  liquidity   .  
  '  '    goodison  may be  an enigma   ,  but  hud  has also given  oakland township   an $ 11 , 810 block grant  to `` reduce   interest  charges  for  business owners  in  the  ' goodison historical area   '   '  '  and  a $ 13 , 543 grant  to construct ``  barrier free improvements   '  '  at  the township hall   ,   records  show  .  
 ``  i  do n ' t think  we  should view that as bad for  western  interests    ,   '  '   mr .  bush  said  .  
 an  interest   in  pars  is n ' t as valuable  .  
 soon after  he  went  public  with  his new-found  interest   in  capital gains   ,   he  closeted  himself  in  a room  on  the second floor  of  the capitol  to hear  what   the democratic majority  on  his committee  had to say  .  
 jerrold s .  cooper    chairman   ,  near  eastern studies    acting chairman   ,   classics    johns hopkins university    baltimore   as  an alumnus  of  johns hopkins  ( b . a .    ' 81  ' 81  )  ,   i  read  mr .  sykes  ' s article  with  great  interest    .  
 most  interest  rate margins  in  japan  remain fixed and  ,  while  floating-rate loans  now make up more than  50 %  of  loans  made in  tokyo   ,   banks  have  a vast   ,   cheap deposit rate thanks  to  a rigid savings ethic  and  a national savings-deposit rate  of  only 0 . 38 %   .  
 but  the judges  decided to knock out  several categories  of  charges   ,  including  late-payment fees  of  $ 200 , 000   ,   which  sounds like  a reasonable amount  for   interest    .  
 ``  it  has been able to  outperform stocks three times  in  10 years  '  '  .   and   interest    ,  if  any  -- on  selected investments   ,  in  .  
 monday   ,   september 18   ,   1989    the key u . s .   and  foreign annual  interest  rates  below are  a guide  to  general levels  but do n ' t always represent  actual transactions   .  
 and  a third  are funded by  company-owned life insurance  in  which   the executive  has  no  interest   ; again  ,   it   ' s  a promise  to pay  .  
 the louisville   ,   ky .    ,   life insurance concern  said  the series   a notes  will be issued with fixed or  floating  interest  rates  or at  an original issue discount   .  
 manufacturers  also said  it  reached  a definitive agreement  to sell  a 60 %  interest   in  cit group  to  dai-ichi kangyo bank  of  japan  for  $ 1 . 28 billion   .  
 on  friday   ,   di giorgio  said  it  had received  indications  of   interest   from  third parties   whom   it  did n ' t identify  .  
 ``  there   ' s beginning to be  some   buying  interest   in  the better quality names   ,   '  '  said  robert lupo   ,   a managing director  at  smith barney   ,   harris upham  &  co   .  
 mr .  yocam  announced  last year  that  he  intended to leave  apple  to pursue  other  interests    .  
 mr .  bogart estimates  that operating  cash flow  will cover only  81 %  of  this year  ' s  interest  bill   .  
  '  '  when  various acquisition attempts  failed  ,   m . d . c .   found  itself  overfunded and paying  high  interest    .  
 that move  also reduced  the company  ' s  interest  charges   .  
 instead  ,   citicorp  ' s equity  interest   in  the purchase  is being reduced  ,  and  another financial buyer   ,  possibly  another leveraged buy-out fund   ,  is likely to step in to help make  the purchase   ,  according to  one person  familiar with  the sale   .  
 r . h .  macy  &amp;  co .   said in  a letter  to  its investors  that  pretax earnings  before   interest   and  depreciation  were  $ 925 million  on  sales  of about  $ 7 billion  in  fiscal 1989   ,   which  ended  july 29   .  
 he  added that increased  buying  interest   for  sugar  in  the world market  might also have contributed to  a stronger tone  in  futures   .  
 others   ,  however  ,  noted that with  the chance  for   interest  rate increases  in  europe  and  japan  increasing  ,   the dollar  will find  any  climb  a hard one   .  
 a survey  of  international analysts  indicates  ,  also  ,  that while  the bundesbank  and  other european central banks  are n ' t likely to raise   interest  rates  following  the bundesbank  ' s central bank council meeting thursday   ,   many analysts  expect  a coordinated credit-tightening  on  the continent  in  the next four  to  eight weeks   .  
 but  distribution  has been suspended on  nrm  ' s $ 2 convertible acquisition  preferred  units   ,   which  are cumulative and bear   interest   at  one percentage point  above  the prime rate   .  
 moreover  ,   disclosures  of  campeau  ' s  deepening  financial troubles  and  the failure  of  one  of  its units  to make  an  interest  payment last week  prompted much of  the decline  in  junk bond prices   .  
 mitsui  also has  an option  to purchase  another 5 %  interest   later  .  
 the utility holding company  said  the redemption  is expected to save more than  $ 2 million  in   interest  costs  over  the next two years   .  
 it  will redeem  them  at  face amount  plus  one day   ' s accrued and  unpaid  interest   from  oct .  15  to  the redemption date   .  
 accrued  semiannual  interest  due oct .  15  will be paid to  holders  of  record oct .  1   .  
 the japanese securities house  already has  a 25 . 1 %  interest   in  matuschka  ' s mat main anlage trust g . m . b   .  
 the new hippocrates  will have  editorial matter  similar to in  health   ,  but with  some added features   that  address  physicians  '   interests    .  
 panhandle  said  the long-depressed houston market  improved enough  this year  to generate  more  interest   than anticipated  .  
  '  '    secretary baker   ,   an active outdoorsman   ,  has  a keen  interest   in  environmental issues   .  
 `` if  a person  is accused of  bank fraud   ,  let  him  be tried for  that   ,   '  '  said  mr .  lowell   ,   who  successfully defended  texas thrift owner thomas m .  gaubert  against  charges  that  he  misled  the officers  of  an iowa thrift  about  his  interest   in  a real estate  deal  they  were financing  .  
 the financial services company  has been trying to avoid  a bankruptcy-law  filing since  it  failed to make   interest  payments  in  june  on nearly  $ 1 billion  of  debt   .  
 but  sources  familiar with  mr .  bass  say that after reviewing  the assets   he  lost   interest    .  
 in  march 1988   ,   the central bank  began nudging   interest  rates  higher in  an effort  to slow  economic activity  so that  prices  would moderate  .  
 but  this spring   ,  after allowing  short-term  interest  rates  to climb  three percentage points   ,   the fed reversed course  and started pushing  rates  down to protect  the slowing economy  from  a recession   .  
 kaneb pipe line partners l . p .   --  4 . 65 million units   ,  representing  senior preference limited partnership  interests    ,  via  goldman sachs   .  
 for  example   ,   lincoln  sold  an equity  interest   in  the project  to  american continental   ,   a purchase   the parent  financed with  proceeds  of ``  illusory transactions  with  lincoln subsidiaries   ,   '  '  according to  the suit   .  
 the investment banking concern  had to withdraw  a bond  offering for  ohio mattress co .  last month  because of  lack  of  investor  interest    .  
 henry kissinger   ,   who  has opposed  sanctions  against  china  and  who  has  extensive business  interests   of  his own  in  china   ,  turned down  an invitation  to speak at  the event   .  
 according to  new american shoe   ,   the puerto rican government  has expressed   interest   in keeping  the company  ' s factories  there operating  ,  and has arranged for  private  and  government financial institutions  to discuss  local investment possiblities  with  the company   .  
 ge  also has   interests   in  broadcasting   ,  lighting  products   ,   jet engines   ,   appliances  and  plastics   .  
 the delay  in getting  its lenders  '  approval  of  the o&amp;y loan  meant  campeau  ' s allied stores unit  missed  the  interest  payment due friday  on  one series  of  junk bonds   .  
 allied  said  it  paid  the  interest   on  its 10 14 % senior notes due 1992  but did n ' t pay  the *interest  on  its 11 12 % senior subordinated debentures due 1997   .  
 allied  did n ' t indicate  the amount  of  the overdue payment   ,  but  analysts  said  the aggregate  interest  due friday  on  allied  ' s high-yield bonds  was about  $ 50 million   .  
 this week  ' s revision  of  the european currency unit  is n ' t likely to alter   interest  rates  on  ecu-denominated securities   .  
 nevertheless  ,  on  the surface   it  would seem  logical  for  ecu  interest   rates to be higher than would otherwise be  the case  because of  higher inflation  in  spain  and  portugal   .  
 `` with  the inclusion  of  the peseta  and  escudo   ,   there  is apt to be  a rise  in  both   the short  - and  long-term  interest  rates  since  the share  of  so-called soft-currency  or  high *interest countries  in  the currency basket  will increase  ,   '  '  according to  a study  of  the ecu  by  ubs phillips  &  drew   .  
 according to  that study   ,  ``  the short-term ecu market  interest  rate  after  the incorporation  of  the iberian currencies  will be about  85 basis points  above  the synthetical ecu reference *interest rate   ,   '  '   which  does n ' t take  the peseta  and  escudo  into  consideration   .  
 as long as  foreign-exchange rates  between  the various european currencies  remain  stable   ,  then  fluctuations  in   interest  rates  on  ecu-denominated securities  should respond mainly to  the changing fortunes  of  yields  in  the constituent credit markets   ,  with  the greatest influence  exerted by  west germany   ,   france   ,   the u . k .   and  italy   .  
 and in  a later scene   ,   we  see  shirer  chafing at  the folly  of being required by  cbs  to cover ``  human  interest    '  '   stories  like  the vienna boys  '  choir  at  the very moment  of  the anschluss   .  
 the amount  of   interest   saved through  the buy-back  could reach as much as  $ 100 million   a year   .  
 friday   ,   september 15   ,   1989    the key u . s .   and  foreign annual  interest  rates  below are  a guide  to  general levels  but do n ' t always represent  actual transactions   .  
 united brands co .   said  it  sold  its 18 . 5 %  interest   in  fii fyffes plc   ,   a distributor  of  fresh fruit  and  vegetables   ,  principally in  the united kingdom   .  
 mr .  kerkorian  began trying to sell  MGMNP   some 18 months  ago  ,  and  a long list  of  companies  expressed  an  interest    ,  including  walt disney co .    ,   mca inc .    ,  and  davis cos .    ,  controlled by  marvin davis   .  
 still  unresolved  is  the key question  in  the case  : whether  rates  will be increased enough to satisfy  the  interests   of  investors  in  the troubled utility   ,  or whether  increases  will be held down in  the *interests  of  the utility  ' s customers   .  
 still  unresolved  is  the key question  in  the case  : whether  rates  will be increased enough to satisfy  the *interests  of  investors  in  the troubled utility   ,  or whether  increases  will be held down in  the  interests   of  the utility  ' s customers   .  
 ps  of  new hampshire  filed for  chapter 11 status  under  the federal bankruptcy code  in  january 1988  because  it   was n ' t  able to make   interest  payments  on  its huge debt   ,  much of  which  was taken on to finance  its seabrook stake   .  
 in  the same period   ,   the so-called coverage ratio  of  service businesses  --  their cash flow  divided by  their  interest  payments  -- fell to  2 . 3-to-1  from  4 . 5-to-1   .  
 environmental groups  have  no  interest   in obtaining  winning fines  for  the treasury   ,  and will `` trade  '  '  even  a  relatively  modest credit project  for  very high fines   .  
 in  a talk  to  big junk-bond buyers last week   ,   mr .  milken  told  them   it  was  time  for  some companies  to  de-leverage   ,  urging  many companies  to swap  their junk debt  for  a combination  of  equity  and  higher-grade debt  carrying  a lower  interest  burden   .  
 many investors   who  wanted to sell could n ' t find  any buyers   ,  and  there  were  widespread fears  that  some junk-bond financed companies   ,  despite  the  relatively  strong economy   ,  were close to defaulting on  their heavy  interest  payments   .  
 but  mr .  milken   ,  seemingly siding with  his critics   who  have argued that  many companies  '  stock prices  have been held down by  the burdensome  interest  payments  called for by  their junk bonds   ,  argues that  a shift  away from  junk  is now  the best way  for  investors  to make  money   .  
 integrated resources inc .    ,   a drexel client   ,  defaulted in  july  on nearly  $ 1 billion  in  debt  ;  resorts international inc .   failed to meet   interest  payments  on  $ 925 million  in  junk debt   .  
 many junk-bond prices  tilted lower despite  a big drop  in   interest  rates  and  no signs  of  recession   .  
 that debt  will cost  the company $ 600 million  to  $ 700 million  in   interest  payments   a year   .  
 at  its current operating level   ,   analysts  say  ,  united generates about  $ 1 . 1 billion  in  cash  annually to pay  its  interest  bill   .  
 and because  its lenders  can deduct  50 %  of  the  interest    they  earn on  ual  ' s loan   ,   the buy-out group  has been able to line up financing at  a more favorable *interest rate   .  
 ``  we  will vote  our claims  in  a way   that  suits  our customers  '   interests    ,   '  '   he  says  .  
 he  said  canfor  has  no plans  to boost  its  interest   in  newsprint production   .  
 for  mr .  davis   ,   ual  may become  the second major airline  to have eluded  his pursuit   ,   which  could intensify  questions  about  the seriousness  of  his  interest   in making  acquisitions   .  
 confusion  is  the consequence  of  the long-hoped-for soft landing   ,  that  catch-all phrase   that  connotes moderating  economic growth   ,  declining  inflation  and  lower  interest  rates   .  
 relatively  high  interest  rates  are slowing  retail sales   ,  while manufacturing  inventories  are growing  .  
 `` if  these problems  are cropping up now with  modest inflation   ,    interest  rates  down and  the economy  expanding  ,   what  in  god  ' s name  do  you  think will happen with extremely  tight money  and  an economic downturn   .  
 the company  said  others  besides  investor arthur goldberg   ,   who  is bidding  $ 32   a share   ,  have expressed   interest   in buying  all  or  part  of  its operations   .  
 analysts  say  the weakness  in  the junk-bond market  is reducing   interest   in  many takeover stocks   .  
 traders  say  a favorable article  on  the company  ' s orgotein painkiller  in  the current issue  of  the american journal  of  medicine  has spurred   interest   in  the stock   ,  according to  dow jones professional investor report   .  
 the world bank loan  to  india  will be at  a variable  interest  rate   ,  currently  7 . 74 %   a year   .  
 the facilities  include  a 70 %  interest   in  the milford haven refinery   ,   250 service stations  and  *interests  in  an oil pipeline  and  five product terminals   .  
 the facilities  include  a 70 % *interest  in  the milford haven refinery   ,   250 service stations  and   interests   in  an oil pipeline  and  five product terminals   .  
 the new publication  comes at  a time  of  increased  interest   in  family business  among  major accounting firms  and  investment houses   .  
 cash-strapped lone star technologies inc .    ,   dallas   ,  said  it  made  an annual  interest  payment due aug .  28  on  its $ 50 million  in  8 % convertible subordinated debentures due 2002   ,  preventing  a default  on  its debt   .  
 a company spokeswoman  said  there  was n ' t  a particular reason  why  the  interest   was paid  last week   .  
 ``  the momentum  does n ' t seem to be enough to take  it  above  two .  .  .  marks   '  '  now that   interest  rate differentials  have narrowed  .  
  interest  rates  aside  ,   central banks  remain  a primary obstacle  to  a stronger dollar   .  
 di giorgio corp .    ,   san francisco   ,  said ``  a number  of  third parties   '  '  have expressed   interest   in  acquiring part  or  all  of  the food products  and  building materials  marketing and  distribution firm   .  
 di giorgio  said  the most recent expressions  of   interest   are preliminary  ,  but  it  said  the board  authorized  management  and  shearson lehman hutton inc .    ,   the firm  ' s financial adviser   ,  to continue to explore  alternatives  to  dig  ' s offer  and to seek  formal proposals  for  the sale  of  the entire company  or  some  of  its business units   .  
 british plaster board  closed at  255   ,  up  15   ,  on  new account  buying and talk of  possible takeover  interest   in  the company   .  
 southmark   ,   which  has said  it  plans to sell  its health-care  interests   as  part  of  its reorganization  under  federal bankruptcy laws   ,  opposed  the spinoffs  and began  a fight  to gain  control  of  national heritage  ' s board   .  
 prudential insurance co .   of  america  completed  its acquisition  of  merrill lynch  &amp;  co .   ' s 75 %  interest   in  fine homes international l . p .   for more than  $ 300 million   .  
 the world bank  and  its international development association unit   ,   which  makes  loans  and  grants  to  the poorest countries   ,  have  overdue principal  and   interest  payments  on almost  $ 4 billion  of  loans   ,   an increase  from about  $ 3 . 4 billion  of  such troubled loans   the year  before  .  
 for  his part   ,   the rev .  ronald p .  lengwin   ,   a spokesman  for  the catholic diocese  of  pittsburgh   ,  worries that  the show  ' s pilgrimage  to  the parish  will stir up  unwanted  interest   in  the crucifix  again  .  
 ruth may   ,   an administrative assistant  in  city hall   who  moved here in  1948   ,  laughs when asked about  television  ' s  interest   in  the alien landing   .  
 congress president jerome kenyon  said  federated  and  allied  are n ' t behind in  their bills   ,  but  he  said  congress  was `` concerned  that campeau  would n ' t be able to meet  their  interest  payments   .  
 ``  companies  in  greece  are currently paying  25 %  in   interest  rates  and  bank charges  as opposed to around  6 %  abroad  ,   '  '  said  dimitris economidis   ,   president  of  economdis electro-optics   ,   whose company  will be among  those  trading  otc   .  
 the revision  reflects  a slight  widening of  britain  ' s trade surplus  in  services   ,  particularly in  tourism   ,  and  a narrowing  of  the surplus  in   interest    ,   profits  and  dividends   .  
 alpine group inc .    ,  aiming to cut   interest  costs   ,  will offer  a package  of  cash  and  securities  for  its $ 43 . 7 million debt  outstanding  .  
 alpine  would save  some $ 2 million   a year  in   interest  costs  if  80 %  of  debentures  are exchanged and  $ 2 . 5 million  if  100 %  are exchanged  ,  said  steven s .  elbaum   ,   chairman  and  chief executive officer   .  
 other properties  include  the company  ' s entire oil-and-gas assets  in  dubai   ,   gabon  and  italy  plus  certain  interests   in  ecuador   ,   columbia  and  indonesia   .  
 earlier  this month   ,   van kampen merritt   ,   an investment banking unit  of  xerox corp .    ,  announced  a bid  to buy  syncor  ' s  for about  $ 81 . 8 million   ,  but  it  dropped  the bid  due to  syncor  ' s lack  of   interest    .  
 ``  lower  interest  rates  and  discount pricing  have led to  a rebound  in spending on  consumer durables   ,   '  '  said  william k .  mac-reynolds   ,   director  of  economic forecasting  at  the u . s .  chamber  of  commerce   .  
 bell atlantic  also will be refinancing  the debt  on  three  of  its telephone company units  to take  advantage  of  lower  interest  rates   ,  in  the hope  of  improving cash flow   .  
 mr .  kissinger  ' s  interests   include  a limited partnership  called  china ventures   .  
 it   ' s hard to tell at  times  where  such cultural activities end  and  mr .  kissinger  ' s business  interests   begin  .  
 mr .  kissinger  adds that  his public comments  about  china  represent  his sense  of  what  is best for  the u . s .  national  interest    .  
 ``  his sense  is that  you  have to be restrained in intervening with  the internal affairs  of  another country   ,  and  you  also have to be aware of  long-term geopolitical  interests    that  may be at  risk   ,   '  '  says  winston lord   ,   a former kissinger protege   who  was  ambassador  to  china  from  1985  to  1989   .  
 mr .  lord  adds that although  he  does n ' t fully share  mr .  kissinger  ' s sympathy  for  the deng regime   ,   he  is convinced that  mr .  kissinger  ' s views  are n ' t influenced by  money  : `` if  he  did n ' t have  a cent  of  commercial  interest   in  china   ,   he  would have taken  the same position   .  
