`` He may lose all popular support  ,   but someone has to kill him to defeat him and that  ' s  HARD  to do .   '  '  
Clever White House `` spin doctors  '  '  are having a  HARD  time helping President Bush explain away the economic bashing that low-and middle-income workers are taking these days  .  
I find it  HARD  to believe that the Sacramento River will ever be quite the same  ,   although I certainly wish that I ' m wrong  .  
Now when you get bad credit data or are confused with another person  ,   the  HARD  part in correcting the mistake is not even knowing where it is recorded  ,   let alone having access  .  
 ' A great share of responsibility for this national tragedy unquestionably lies with the president of the country .   ' -- Eduard Shevardnadze  ,   former foreign minister ;   ' We are so deep in this crisis that all this business about leaving the party  ,   not leaving the party -- that will never get us out .   ' -- Natasha  ,   a Moscow bookkeeper ;   ' Our life is  HARDER  now  ,   yes  ,   but it is better to be hungry and free .   ' -- Lena Sedykh  ,   a Moscow street sweeper ;   ' If you judge by astrology  ,   Gorbachev is Cancer  ,   and Yeltsin and Russia are Aquarius  .  
Producers of action shows  ,   like Cannell  ,   are willing to make them at a bargain price to help CBS open up a new market for one-hour action shows  ,   which have become  HARD  to sell in the rerun market  .  
Voting against seeking additional sources of funds was Supervisor Ray Belgard  ,   who told his colleagues  ,   `` We have to face the  HARD  facts of life  .  
It  ' s  HARD  to make the columns even  ,   to neatly space the text inside the cells of the table  ,   to adjust the table when information needs to be added  ,   to make exceptions to stretch entries across several cells  ,   to add periodic colors or shades to cells  ,   and so on  .  
`` It may be  HARD  just to finish these remarks .   '  '  
Now that Amanda Blake has died  ,   is it  HARD  portraying Matt Dillon without Miss Kitty  ?  
Even though many of the university  ' s 30  ,  638 students are more conservative and career-oriented than their  ' 60s and  ' 70s predecessors  ,   and it  ' s  HARDER  to drum up big crowds for a protest than it used to be  ,   Telegraph retains a mystical -- if mangy -- aura  .  
It  ' s  HARD  to put into words  ,   but since that day I  ' ve felt much more confident  .  
It  ' s  HARD  to believe I ' m seeing it start to rise out of the ground  ,   "  Sheriff Harvey Nyland said after a groundbreaking ceremony  .  
`` And we are pleased to announce that already Coke  ,   Pepsi and others have expressed enthusiasm and interest in participating in this expanded MTV service  ,   further supporting their already established use of MTV as a vehicle to attract the  HARD  to-reach  12-34-year-old demographic .   '  '  
`` Change was not  HARD  for him  ,   "  said his daughter  ,   Diane Nelson of Santa Maria  .  
I try to have fun with everything I do  ,   but the  HARD  part is I  ' ll make a good pitch and I  ' ll try to make it better the next time out  ,   "  he said  .  
He  ' s the first to say that wife Lisa is going through the  HARD  part  ,   but it was n ' t bad for a 25-year-old guy who  ' s expecting to become a first-time pop any day now  .  
It  ' s  HARD  to ignore a voodoo-like bent in her 28-inch Iraqi dictator dolls  .  
It also makes the job  HARD   .  
``I find it  HARD  to understand how anyone seeking a position in public life could demonstrate such poor judgment and bad taste .  
The slump in business activity and the accompanying `` credit crunch  '  '  have been especially  HARD  on owners of these high-yielding  ,   high-risk securities  ,   whether they owned them directly or through mutual funds  .  
 The A  ' s :  ;  Phoenix/Tempe ;  There  ' s so much to do near Phoenix Stadium that it  ' s  HARD  to decide where to fit in a spring training baseball game  .  
But if there are enough guys and they all have big sticks or something  ,   it becomes  HARD  for any dog .   '  '  
old ladies are crotchety and  HARxxD  to please  .  
`` It  ' s ( becoming )   HARDER  to steal a car  ,   "  said Lt .  Jeanne Miller of the Detroit Police Department  ' s Major Crimes division  .  
 `` When you run by yourself  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to get motivated .   '  '  
( check )  It  ' s often  HARD  to tell if a can is aluminum or steel  .  
Despite all the rhetoric  ,   it is truly  HARD  to make a case that big business is overtaxed in California  .  
That is  HARDER  to bear .   '  '  
As you walk through this verdant landscape  ,   it is n ' t  HARD  to get a sense of the area  ' s history  .  
`` I have a  HARD  time with the use of the word .   '  '  
`` When you have a disaster like the Oakland hills fire  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to remember everything  .  
`` It was a unique project  ,   a high-risk project  ,   and it was put in such an unfortunate time slot ( opposite  ' 48 Hours  '  and  ' Quantum Leap  '  )  that it would be  HARD  to get anyone interested in it  .  
`` Four generations of our family have come here  ,   and every year  ,   it gets  HARDER  to get in .   '  '  
All the easy cuts and a bunch of the  HARD  ones were made in bridging the $14 billion gap in June  .  
Earlier studies suggested up-and-down dieting makes it  HARDER  to lose weight and may have unhealthy consequences  .  
It  ' s  HARD  to control teen-agers  '  behavior  ,   but not impossible  .  
It  ' s  HARD  to define whether Stewart means he wo n ' t talk at all or whether he just wo n ' t tell the truth as he sees it  .  
The slumped economy unquestionably has been  HARD  on America  ' s cities  ,   counties and school districts  .  
After the fire  ,   Baldwin said  ,   it has been  HARD  for him to look at the sprawling brick plant  ,   which he can see every time he steps out the front door of his apartment  .  
The Empire State Building is a high-profile symbol that might be  HARD  to resist  .  
He said it was  HARD  for him to get up each morning and pick up his crutches  ,   which he calls `` my other set of legs .   '  '  
And should FSU be undefeated after playing the Cougars  ,   Michigan  ,   LSU  ,   Louisville  ,   South Carolina  ,   Miami and Florida  ,   it  ' ll be  HARD  not to give them the title  .  
Despite lower home prices and higher apartment-vacancy rates  ,   the nation  ' s poor are finding it  HARDER  than ever to find decent  ,   affordable housing  ,   a study said this week  .  
diamonds are  HARD  to get  .  
There have been so many revelations against Bettelheim recently that it is  HARD  to know what to make of them all  ,   said Dr .  Louis Jolyon West  ,   a professor of psychiatry at UCLA  .  
The crew members wait with the pothole because if they left -- and you may find this  HARD  to believe -- impatient drivers would simply mow down the laughing cones and plow right over the crew  ' s handiwork  .  
It  ' s  HARD  enough having one successful mystery character -- how does Smith manage two  ?  
It  ' s awfully  HARD  to achieve a balance  ,   but parents need to apply common sense and listen to their gut reactions .   '  '  
The Miami Dolphins found out the  HARD  way Sunday :  The Silverdome is no place to come for a party  .  
Only this time around the conditions are different and the choice is far  HARDER  .  
Pat Hurst  ,   who made the jump from amateur to professional golf six weeks ago  ,   is learning the  HARD  way that mistakes can be costly  .   .   .  in the pocketbook  .  
`` The field is  HARD  out there  ,   so I ' m not concerned  ,   "  said Manager Cito Gaston  ,   who believes defense cost the Blue Jays the East in 1990  .  
But even fellow Israeli Cabinet members find it  HARD  to stop the hawkish housing minister who savors sprinkling the occupied lands with new Jewish settlements  .  
The world of computing is so huge that it  ' s  HARD  to pick one program  ,   peripheral or processor  ,   that shows where the personal computer is after 10 years  .  
But at least one firm familiar with the new law says a scarce supply of computer professionals may make it  HARD  to reduce overtime benefits  .  
It  ' s  HARDER  to tell with bankside vegetation  .  
`` When it drags out two or three years  ,   it  ' s  HARD  for a union to sustain momentum  ,   "  Anderson said  .  
Current service consists of unlimited curbside pickup in the city  ' s flatland areas at $16 . 73 per month and a variable rate in the  HARD  to-serve  hillside areas ranging from $11 . 97 for one can to $20 . 30 for five cans  .  
The first issue included a news story on a major sale of vintage jerseys  ,   a background piece on the unique style of  HARD  to-find  1970 Cleveland Indians shirts and a short list of 1991 uniform changes  .  
 `` If you try to pick out the separate voices in the chorus of why Dennis Eckart is leaving  ,   it is going to be  HARD   ,   "  Eckart added  .  
 `` This  ,   "  said Young  ,   `` was a  HARD  one  .  
 To defend yourself :  It  ' s  HARD  not to be influenced  ,   so `` just say no  '  '  to slur campaigns  .  
 It  ' s very  HARD  to pick it apart into percentages  .  
 `` He has a  HARD  time completing a thought  .  
 ( box ) Mixed-signal chips are  HARD  to make right the first time  .  
 And it is  HARD  enough refusing a bonbon nowadays  ,   without considering how one might politely refuse to be served a member of the household  .  
 Instead  ,   opponents like House Speaker Thomas Foley  ,   D-Spokane  ,   stood the argument on its ear  ,   imploring his home state  ' s voters not to throw away their  HARD  won  political power in a fit of pique over unpaid restaurant tabs and bounced checks  .  
 Beverly Hayon  ,   spokeswoman for Kaiser Permanente Medical Care Program  ,   said `` It  ' s  HARD  to see how ( this )  is going to stop the AIDS epidemic  .  
 If allied figures are anywhere near correct -- it is  HARD  to know  ,   since a British report that 300 Iraqis were killed at Khafji shrank to 30 by the time the Saudis briefed a couple of hours later -- the Iraqi leader was given a bloody nose  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  for us girls  !   "  she says and laughs  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to care  .  
 `` They don ' t have to make it  HARDER  than it already is .   '  '  
 Nonetheless  ,   as House Resolution 1 is fast-tracked through the House  ,   the complexities of legal language defining what is or is n ' t a legitimate business necessity in hiring and promoting workers make it very  HARD  for the bill  ' s sponsors to prove that it will not lead to quotas in employment  ,   as the administration charges  .  
 Originally  ,   it attached recycled engines to bicycles  ,   a popular mode of transportation in the  HARD  years that followed World War II  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to rest him  ,   but when you  ' ve got a guy like Willie ( Wilson )  in his place  ,   it  ' s not so HARD .   '  '  
 Devine  ,   however  ,   notes that First Nationwide must ultimately achieve its goal of providing Ford an average annual return of 15 percent on its investment  ,   something that is increasingly  HARD  to do in the troubled savings and loan business  .  
 `` When I go home  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to even walk outside  ,   because I see the suffering of people  ,   and it hurts me  .  
 `` If a young boy who had a very  HARD  life becomes a dope addict and then suddenly turns it all around  .   .   .  is he less of a role model because he did n ' t go through the regular scenario of college  ,   a B . A .  and an M . A .  and doing something in the community  ?  
 He found it  HARD  to be going the opposite direction of his teammates  ,   who are a surprising 24-19  .  
 Trouble is  ,   when you  ' re marketing a museum internationally  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to explain that a Garage is a high-tech attraction  .  
 The lawsuit cited cases where different consumers  '  reports were mixed together and said such inaccuracies are  HARD  to correct  .  
 It was coming up on an hour since the final buzzer sounded and still Jordan looked as if he  ' d just heard the best or worst news of his life ;  it was  HARD  to tell  .  
 Until I hear the doctor say he  ' s OK  ,   it  ' s going to be  HARD  to concentrate  .  
 That  ' s sometimes  HARD  for us to keep in mind .   '  '  
 `` They are  HARD  to get to  ,   and there are no roads for the rescue equipment to travel on .   '  '  
 `` It  ' s a little  HARDER   ,   a lot faster and a lot quicker than the racing I saw on TV  ,   "  Basaca said  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to imagine that any American who has such priorities would fess up about them to a pollster  .  
 For the time being  ,   consumers can expect to have a  HARDER  time getting loans and to pay more for them  .  
 `` It  ' s not  HARD  watching a team warm up to see how much athletic ability it has  ,   "  Shaw said  .  
 However  ,   I found WindowBase much  HARDER  to get close to than AceFile  .  
 Nine years and two kids later  ,   absolute quiet is  HARD  to come by in our lives  .  
 It  ' s a little  HARDER  to say because I have n ' t seen this cartoon and I did see `` Little Mermaid .   '  '  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  for me not to cry right now  ,   "  he said  .  
 Hilton also wrote that the fire has been `` an extremely  HARD  thing to deal with  '  '  and that living with its memory `` for the rest of my life is a terrible burden .   '  '  
 Tough reforms planned ;  Last week  ,   Russian President Boris Yeltsin said he was about to begin a series of tough economic reforms that at first would make life even  HARDER  for the average person  .  
 Now  ,   Lamott says  ,   Canin  ' s gone through a couple of  HARD   ,   tense years writing `` Blue River .   '  '  
 `` Let  ' s face it  ,   men in boats have given the whale a  HARD  time  ,   "  said Holly Jaffe  ,   a Capistrano Beach office manager making her second trip with Cole  .  
 That should make it even  HARDER  for the Giants to swallow  .  
 Ferreira  ,   who is recovering from massive wounds on his left arm and side  ,   vowed to ride the waves again .  ( dot )  Page 1B ;  At wide receiver  ,   Danielle Schurr ;  When you  ' re a girl playing wide receiver for a high school football team  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to avoid the limelight  ,   but that  ' s the way Danielle Schurr of Fremont  ' s Irvington High wants it -- no special attention  ,   no special treatment  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to know which psychological complex -- the Democrats  '  or the Republicans  '  -- hurts us more as a nation  .  
 ( box )  For a  HARD  crust  ,   bake bread until it feels like a brick because crust softens as it cools  .  
 ``   ' The Prince of Tides  '  is about Tom Wingo and his voice  ,   and I think the film preserved that  ,   and that  ' s a  HARD  thing  ,   "  said co-producer Andrew Karsch  .  
 It  ' s cruelly  HARD  to give up the sound of mobs roaring  ,   `` Run  ,   Jesse  ,   run .   '  '  
 I think it  ' s really  HARD  to laugh on camera at nothing .   '  '  
 House Speaker Thomas Foley  ,   D-Wash .   ,   said it was  HARD  to take Bush  ' s suggestion seriously in light of exemptions that Bush enjoys from various laws  ,   including the Freedom of Information Act and the law restricting lobbying by former government officials  .  
 The foreign minister said  ,    ' No -- this film is not going to be shown abroad .   '   "  ;  `` The Nasty Girl  ,   "  a big hit in Berlin and Munich  ,   was  HARDER  to suppress  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to imagine the course of the civil rights movement without the revelatory and shocking fire hose and beating footage  .  
 The small car made by the General Motors Corp .  subsidiary officially went on sale Oct .  25  ,   but quality-control standards made them  HARD  to come by until recently at the more than 60 Saturn dealerships  .  
 And the two most common with  ' Bed  '  are that  ,   one  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to put down and  ,   two -- I heard this from two old ladies who  ' d been given the book by their children -- that this is n ' t a novel  ,   it  ' s about truth .   '  '  
 Wes Raynal  ,   AutoWeek ;  ( hbox )  ;  `` Low profiling is pretty  HARD  in a car this bright  ,   a characteristic that sets the R/T apart from the Taurus SHO  .  
 But Keefe said he might have reached a point in Stanford  ' s system where it  ' s  HARD  to improve the number that gets noticed -- his 21 . 2 points per game  .  
 While the Galant has been a success  ,   Mitsubishi recognizes that its late entry into that niche makes it  HARD  to overcome the edge established by the Toyota and Honda models  .  
 Rev .  Lou Sheldon  ,   head of the conservative Traditional Values Coalition in Orange County and a leading opponent of AB 101  ,   acknowledged that the longer it takes Wilson to approve the measure  ,   the  HARDER  it will be for his group to collect enough valid signatures for a ballot issue  .  
 It  ' s all  HARDER  than we ever imagined  ,   and there is nowhere to turn for help  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to start a candidacy when you don ' t know who your voters will be  .  
 It is a sea of modernist vignettes -- and while many of them are superb in themselves  ,   it  ' s  HARD  not to wonder if the overall design was the result of political compromise as much as architectural intent  .  
 But it will be  HARD  to take him out of the starting lineup at this rate  .  
 That something is  HARD  to pin down  ,   a consistently surprising off-center freshness that  ' s friendly-fresh  ,   not aggressive-fresh like `` Twin Peaks .   '  '  
 Because Schimpeler teaches math  ,   a subject in which qualified teachers are  HARD  to find  ,   she figures she  ' s more secure than many  .  
 Still  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to be humble  .  
 `` Why is it so  HARD  to admit a mistake was made  '  '  in approving Prozac  ?  
 It is difficult to get reservations and even  HARDER  to get the name of a hotel where you are supposed to stay  .  
 A lot of people have a  HARD  enough time with this in mild weather  .  
 It was very  HARD  to take .   '  '  
 `` It was  HARD  to get used to  ,   but I did .   '  '  
 ( hbox )  ;  The hospitality industry  ,   with a critical labor shortage  ,   is targeting potential employees who may have a  HARDER  time in other fields :  Beginners  ,   older workers  ,   students and mothers of young children  .  
 Lawrence Adelman  ,   an analyst and vice president with Dean Witter Reynolds Inc .   ,   said  ,   `` They  ' re trying to come to grips with all their problems -- whether it be domestic snacks or international snacks or KFC -- make the  HARD  decisions in 1991 and go forward with a very positive momentum into 1992 .   '  '  
 `` for sheer ingratitude  ,  this report is  HARD  to beat  .   '  '  
 The early indications are that Stadium Club will remain  HARD  to get  .  
 You ought not to try to stick it out ; that would only make it  HARDER  for every one  .  
 `` So I do think if you give people what they want -- I guess it  ' s  HARD  to determine what they want -- they  ' re ready to support a museum .   '  '  
 Suspected porn ;  San Francisco art photographer Jock Sturges learned this lesson the  HARD  way in April 1990 after the manager of a photo-processing lab reported to the FBI that he had received negatives of nude young girls  .  
 It could be  HARD  for a family  .  
 ( box )  87 percent of all adults think parents today have a  HARD  time making ends meet  .  
 In fact  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to think of a day of the week that this dopey new NBC clip show would be `` the best of .   '  '  
 He is making it  HARD  for the A  ' s to keep him off the team  .  
 `` It  ' s a  HARD  language to do with diplomacy  .  
 `` I  ' ve been in it 22  ,   23 years now  ,   and it was very  HARD  to fight  ,   "  Canoles says  .  
 The Bush administration vehemently opposes this provision  ,   saying it would lead to prolonged appeals and make it  HARDER  to punish perpetrators of heinous crimes  .  
 It was not unlike watching Joe Montana at work  ,   making the  HARD  plays look easy  .  
 `` It was still  HARD  to leave  .  
 It was the  HARDEST  loss I  ' ve ever suffered  ,   "  Beckenhauer-Heller said  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to imagine .   '  '  
 BACK ON THE AIR :  Howard Hesseman  ,   back in character as Johnny Fever on the new syndicated `` WKRP in Cincinnati  ,   "  says the second time around is a lot  HARDER   .  
 IN BIG D  ,   IT ' S GO SAINTS :  Yes  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to believe  ,   is n ' t it  ?  
 The work is so collaborative ;  it  ' s  HARD  for the original vision to survive intact  .  
 Times were  HARD   ,   and money and jobs were scarce  .  
 This was a typical markup ;  spy toys were still  HARD  to find and sold mostly through dubious catalogs  ,   just as pornography had been in earlier days  .  
 They are a much  HARDER  audience than a group of strangers  ,   "  Edwards said  .  
 It  ' s important to follow your instincts and stand your ground  ,   she says  ,   `` and that  ' s really  HARD  to do when you  ' re on your own and you really don ' t have anyone to fight the fight with you  .  
 Medical experts said the water cutoff will make it  HARDER  for people to wash and cook food properly  .  
 But in the human sense  ,   it is  HARD  to imagine that the most inept of the old managers could have done a worse job of managing change than the executives of G . E .   ,   Capital Cities and Larry Tisch did  .  
 Maybe making lots of movies with female heroes would change it  ,   but it  ' s so  HARD  to figure out in what context a woman would be a hero  .  
 The  HARDEST  part of selling the wide-ranging plan will be to `` get people to think of this as a nine-year crusade  '  '  instead of a quick-fix program  ,   he said  .  
 FAREWELL TO A LOCAL HERO -- It  ' s  HARD  to think of a Bay Area broadcaster who put more back into his community than Bob Haulman  ,   who died early Wednesday of a heart attack at age 49  .  
 But  ,   then  ,   all that data you have collected becomes very  HARD  to work with .   '  '  
 `` Looking for a job is very  HARD  without English .   '  '  
 I LIKE to write about what we the public perceive about an issue as opposed to often  HARD  to-understand  facts  .  
 In fact  ,   if one looks closely  ,   daytime nappers are not  HARD  to find  .  
``When you marry ,  you want to have things in common '  '  ,  a girl said ,  ``and it ' s  HARD  when you don ' t marry someone with your own background '  '  .  
 `` The patriotic feeling is  HARD  to describe  .  
 And the parts would be  HARD  to trace on the world market  ,   he added :  `` I can ' t think of any individual  ,   single items that if they import that  ,   watch  ' em .   '  '  
 The state  ' s looming budget shortfall eliminates any chance of a bailout from Sacramento  ,   leaving education leaders with three  HARD  choices :  Raise fees  ,   cut faculty and staff  ,   or close doors to qualified students  .  
 Just as U . S .  executives are learning the value of the European accent in the executive suite and the board room  ,   they may find it  HARDER  -- but potentially more lucrative -- to woo them  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to figure out if a guy is giving you his all if he  ' s on a guarantee as opposed to a commission  ,   "  Hitchcock said  .  
 But if Fries  '  appearance may not seem all that youthful to some  ,   it would be  HARD  to argue that the doctor does not think in much younger terms  .  
 Several years ago  ,   when almost all load funds charged 8 . 5 percent of the initial investment to get in  ,   that statement was  HARDER  to justify  .  
 `` It is  HARD  to come to this place tonight and not be able to go into the clubhouse and put on a uniform and throw backdoor sliders and get people out  .  
 Catchers and third basemen are  HARD  to get  .  
 They were so light he had a  HARD  time keeping them on the plate  .  
 ome areas ;  Abortions are becoming increasingly  HARD  to get in rural areas and other parts of the country as physicians shy away from the procedure because of harassment  ,   peer pressure and lack of training  ,   an abortion-rights group announced in Chicago  .  
 PRANKS ( YOU ' RE WELCOME )  -- It  ' s  HARDER  to fool the folks at Sun Technologies in Mountain View after successive years of April Fools  '  Day jokes  ,   so prankster Peter van der Linden ( his new book  ,   `` The Second Official Handbook of Practical Jokes  ,   "  just hit the stores from Signet )  struck early this year  .  
 We have a  HARD  enough time getting people just to fall to earth without any gimmicks .   '  '  
 It would be  HARD  to do a show on inner-city black poverty without portraying and provoking anger  ,   and anger is one emotion network TV cannot use  .  
 I ' m a  HARD  match  .  
 Among the angry men is Joanne  ' s husband  ,   Matt ( Peter Coyote )   ,   who  ' s having a  HARD  time making a living and has just had to sell off the last chunk of his inherited ranch property to a family named Martinez  .  
 It would have been very  HARD  to play Dave Henderson in center field tonight .   '  '  
 ( check )  BEETS -- It  ' s  HARD  to justify the trouble of cooking fresh beets when canned beets are so consistently good  .  
 Also  ,   Gary  ' s Video Library  ,   with locations at 1328 W .  El Camino Real  ,   Mountain View ( 415 )  965-1050 and 1000 Fremont Ave .   ,   Los Altos ( 415 )  941-3171  ,   has success in locating and ordering  HARD  to-find  videotapes  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  not to get caught up in the plight of the girl and root for her  .  
 Nelson  ,   of High Tech Gays  ,   said  ,   `` We in California will have to fight that much  HARDER  now  .  
 That means that it  ' s much  HARDER  for women to avoid being victims  .  
 Housebreaking errors seem  HARDER  to correct  .  
 They say a shortage of child care centers makes it  HARD  for mothers to hold down careers  .  
 It  ' s just that it  ' s  HARD  enough to find a barber you  ' re comfortable with back home  ,   where the equipment is a little more modern  ,   the police are less imposing  ,   and it  ' s the citizens who carry the machine guns  .  
 His brother  ,   Willy  ,   who lives in Scotland  ,   told him over the radio  ,   `` Hope your health is good  ,   and I know it is  HARD  but keep your spirits up as things seem to be looking a lot better for you .   '  '  
 It was  HARD  to see the agreement to drop labor protections as anything less than a disappointment for Germany  ,   France  ,   Italy and other advocates of a federal-type union of the 12-nation trading bloc  .  
 But it would be  HARD  to claim that Kockelman  ' s academic and vocational paths were not influenced by her family background :  her father  ,   William  ,   is an earth services application planner with the U . S .  Geological Survey in Menlo Park ;  her older sister  ,   Annie  ,   trains guide dogs for the blind ;  her older brothers  ,   John and Peter  ,   operate a bungee cord jumping business ;  and her younger brother  ,   Paul  ,   is attending UC-Santa Cruz  .  
 Those who lived through the Depression often find it especially  HARD  to discard belongings  ,   since they recall a time when old clothes or other tangibles were greatly needed  ,   Winston says  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to cut things people want  ,   "  Councilman Ron Andersen said of the budget the council must adopt by July 1  .  
 When forced upriver  ,   where the water has less surface  ,   greater depth and a stronger current  ,   the smelt have a  HARDER  time swimming and finding enough food  .  
 `` BART is awfully  HARD  to deal with  ,   "  Campbell said  .  
It is now  HARDER  to assume telepathy as a basis for the statements- though research still does not know how far afield ~ESP can range .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to defense home runs  ,   "  Manager Roger Craig said  .  
 Mason said that omissions are  HARDER  to detect  ,   but fund transfers and commingling should have been noticed by the trustees  .  
 Jazz ;  SHIRLEY HORN ;  `` You Wo n ' t Forget Me  '  '  ;  ( Verve/Polygram ;  all formats )  ;  ( star ) ( star ) ( star )  ;  IT ' S  HARD  to believe  ,   listening to this album and her previous work  ,   that Shirley Horn remains largely unknown to the general public and even segments of the jazz community  .  
 Sambo Chhun  ,   whose two-year tour ended last May  ,   found it  HARD  to see positives  .  
 No suggestion of anything happening -- which is why it  ' s  HARD  to believe these allegations  ,   which is why it  ' s HARD to disbelieve these allegations .   '  '  
 `` It  ' s easier to tell them they  ' re going to the minors and  HARDER  to tell them they  ' ve been released  ,   "  Rosen said  .  
 It is  HARD  to build consistency when players come and go that fast  .  
 `` I learn more this way because now I know it was really  HARD  then  ,   "  she said  .  
 Or if you will save just a few ;  dollars on your monthly mortgage payments by refinancing  ,   the refinance costs are  HARD  justify  .  
 `` It  ' s just  HARD  being a participant  ,   being involved with it and knowing the gut-wrenching things you  ' re going through and three days of rain ( before Game 6 in  ' 75 )   ,   to think that this is better .   '  '  
 It  ' s not that you can ' t call us anytime  ,   but when we  ' re busy putting out a newspaper  ,   we can be  HARD  to reach  .  
 The program arrived set for Washington  ,   but it  ' s not  HARD  to change it to make where you are the center of the universe  .  
 On one car :  `` Life is  HARD   ,   then you die .   '  '  
 It will actually be  HARDER  to make field goals in college now because the hash marks are wider than in the pros  ,   meaning kickers will be forced to kick from sharper angles  .  
 It  ' s mighty  HARD  to make him work Saturdays  ,  when all the boys is having holiday  ,  but he hates work more than he hates anything else  ,  and I  ' ve got to do some of my duty by him  ,  or I  ' ll be the ruination of the child  .  
 `` After 3 : 30 p . m .   ,   it  ' s  HARD  to find a seat in here  ,   "  said Ozubko  .  
 While his methods for raising birds have been copied  ,   he has an advantage that will be very  HARD  to overcome :  two decades of careful breeding that have produced very special strains of birds  .  
 This is  HARD  to admit  ,   but I really could n ' t find a major fault here  .  
 ( box )  Splittin  '  Peas is so rich and creamy it  ' s  HARD  to believe it has no meat stock or dairy products and no fat -- technically  ,   it has less than one gram  ,   which qualifies as `` fat-free .   '  '  
 It  ' s  HARDER  to come up with a complete package that solves some real problem -- and deliver the whole thing at once  .  
 I did n ' t  ,   and it was twice as  HARD  when I went back  .  
 IN THE short span of one generation  ,   we have convinced ourselves that raising children is  HARD   .  
 And  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to really dislike a club that has a model biplane piloted by Gumby and Pokey  .  
 He  ' s 36 for 43 in save situations this season  ,   and Eckersley finds it  HARD  to reconcile himself with the occasional failures  .  
 Japanese view Americans as a swaggering mix of willful ignorance and wanton sloth saddled with a nostalgic longing for a bygone age  ,   yet redeemed by a raw and unhesitant energy harnessed to a certain basic goodness that  ' s  HARD  to resist even when it drives us to excess  .  
 But Chuck Gary  ,   principal of Milpitas High  ,   had a  HARD  time understanding the 3-2 vote  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to pitch good when you  ' re not pitching a lot  .  
 Seems CCM  ,   the NHL  ' s jersey manufacturer  ,   has been having a  HARD  time producing the Pacific Teal shade  ,   and Matt Levine  ,   the team  ' s executive vice president in charge of business operations  ,   said jerseys probably wo n ' t become available for sale until late May  .  
 It  ' s  HARDER  to publish a romance novel now than a mystery  .  
New Mexico ' s Clint Anderson offered a resolution to change the Senate ' s notorious Rule 22 to allow three-fifths of the Senators present and voting to cut off debate ,  instead of the current  HARD  to-get  two-thirds .  
 there are many ways of being  HARD  to understand  .  
 It is  HARD  to feel sorry for Brown and his boys  ,   the Democrats  ,   or for the Republicans  ,   either  .  
 They have a  HARD  time adjusting to me .   '  '  
 `` With all the uncertainty  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to know where the cost of water is going to go  ,   "  said Ronald Etheridge  ,   senior facilities manager for National Semiconductor Corp .  in Santa Clara  .  
 Because of all the homophobia  ,   it is  HARD  to be open and meet guys in an environment that is n ' t sexually charged or that survives on the selling of liquor  .  
 In fact  ,   I have n ' t been 15 for so long that I sometimes have a  HARD  time recognizing today  ' s 15-year-olds as members of the same species  .  
 It also would make it  HARDER  for the Iraqis to kill him  ,   because they would have to explain later  .  
 Jobs are  HARD  to find  ,   etc  .  
 Do n ' t you feel kind of sorry for the poor working girl who  ,   dog-tired after a  HARD  night of patrolling her dismal beat  ,   has to go a half-mile out of her way to get home  ?  
 `` One of the reasons it was so  HARD  to accept was that it had been done in the context of yoga  .  
 You have so much money  ,   and you have to make some  HARD  choices .   '  '  
 One of my main concerns about these signings is that it makes it so  HARD  for a first-class organization to make plans for the future  .  
 The May race may also come down to the question of how  HARD  it would be to fill Corazon Aquino  ' s shoes  .  
 `` It can happen to anybody  ,   and that is the  HARDEST  part to get into my head .   '  '  
 I learned the  HARD  way  ,   and I  ' ll never make that mistake again  .  
 This is a warmup exercise in which I stand straight with feet spread and lift my arms over my head as though I am stretching for the sky -- or picking fruit off the trees or pruning the  HARD  to-reach  branches or any one of a number of other gardening jobs  .  
 `` And because quarterbacks are so  HARD  to find  ,   he may end up being the first player drafted .   '  '  
 At 1 : 30 in the afternoon  ,   however  ,   there  ' s plenty of all three  ,   as the unfortunate actors of `` The Tempest  '  '  discovered the  HARD  way this week  .  
 Sometimes it  ' s  HARD  for them to discover relevance in what they  ' re studying  ,   "  Seymour said  .  
 Yet it  ' s  HARD  to imagine that people are going to start pulling away en masse from the stock market this fall  ,   even with prices near record heights  .  
 Even the  HARD  to-please  social observer and economic gadfly Michael M .  Thomas is raving  ,   saying it is `` the greatest thing I have ever read about Wall Street .   '  '  
 But should a  HARD  winter bring mobs into the streets  ,   or an assassination or coup suddenly remove either man  ,   Bush could have to order those B-52s back on 15-minute alert  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARDER  now to take the kids to class with me because they  ' re older and they need their own activities  ,   "  she said  .  
 If you still have a soft spot in your heart for Stack  ' s old `` The Untouchables  '  '  series  ,   this may be  HARD  to resist  .  
 `` This is so  HARD  for me  ,   "  sobs his owner  .  
 While Gates  '  response might be believable  ,   what  ' s  HARDER  to believe is that the preconditions for such savagery will change without an end to the secrecy that surrounds how most peace officers  '  departments deal with excesses  .  
 And now  ,   since the Giants  '  quarterback is Vanilla Nice  ,   a bland guy named Jeff Hostetler who a month ago was known as an average backup performer  ,   that makes it doubly  HARD  to choose them  .  
 `` If the legislature does n ' t act on some of these proposes  ,   we could be back again this time next year with some very  ,   very  HARD  decisions to make  ,   "  Santa Clara County Supervisor Rod Diridon  ,   an air district board member  ,   said  ,   referring to the gas tax  ,   a higher bridge toll and other measures  .  
 A cut above  ,   and just above  ,   the supermarket tabloids  ,   and equally  HARD  to resist  .  
 Having gone to war to enforce United Nations resolutions against Iraq  ,   the United States finds it  HARD  to avoid pressing to implement the U . N .  resolutions pertaining to Israel that it supported  .  
 `` It  ' s been very  HARD  to get people to listen  ,   "  the soft-spoken professor of political economy said in a recent interview  .  
 Today  ,   it is  HARD  for Americans to use the word `` glory  '  '  without snickering  .  
 Odd that one man should be able to block such a critical effort  ,   but the negative always seems to win when a positive is  HARD  to prove  .  
 `` For about seven of those 15 years I had a  HARD  time letting go of Sonny and Cher  .  
 ( box )  Make it  HARDER  for prisoners to make a second federal appeal of their convictions  .  
 Hartford center John Cullen knows in his heart he  ' s worth the four-year  ,   $4 million contract he signed with the Whalers  ,   but his mind finds it  HARD  to comprehend  .  
 Miss Manners hopes this will be a long time from now  ,   as grandparents are  HARDER  to come by than desks  .  
 `` But it  ' s  HARD  to get reps away from Steve Young at this point  .  
 Pringle and Natoli thought that the bad Hemingway contest was too  HARD   ,   so they made theirs something anyone can enter  .  
 When you  ' ve grown up on the premises of a Wal-Mart without security  ,   it  ' s a  HARD  habit to break  .  
 But the offer to work at a well-established museum was  HARD  to pass up  ,   "  he says  .  
 Today it appears to be  HARDER  to find  ,   which tells us something significant about how far we have come and about how far we have yet to go  .  
 Does n ' t seem that  HARD   ,   does it  ?  
 First  ,   the loans are  HARD  to find  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to say in words how proud I am of you  ,   "  Schwarzkopf told about 1  ,  700 members of the Army  ' s VII Corps at a ceremony before they headed back to Fort Hood  ,   Texas ;  Fort Riley  ,   Kan  .  
 It grew into a full-time occupation  ,   and Last Hurrah  ,   the bookstore that he and his wife own in Williamsport  ,   Pa .   ,   specializes in assassination books  ,   which are often  HARD  to find  .  
 if you can answer that question - and it  ' s not a very  HARD  one - you will be able to answer the question - 
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to describe it because it was so nerve-racking  ,   "  says Kimberly  ,   `` but I ' m going to try and tell my grandchildren  .  
 But everything is  HARD  to achieve .   '  '  
 Do n ' t call Douglas Coupland the voice of his generation -- although with every newspaper and television interview  ,   every magazine story  ,   every laudatory book review  ,   it  ' s going to be a  HARD  label to avoid  .  
 When one is planning a coup  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to know what the reaction of the population will be  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD   ,   because they ask me to do stuff I  ' ve never done .   '  '  
 It  ' s  HARD  to measure a deterrent  .  
 That  ' s the  HARDEST  part of what we do -- trying to be funny and spontaneous and have a good time at nobody else  ' s expense  .  
 They are for preserving some semblance of economic unity among the territories of the Soviet empire  ,   and they say it is  HARD  for them to believe that most of the republics will choose otherwise  .  
 But I would tell them how  HARD  this business is and how important real talent is  .  
 Since many homeowners transferred within their regions or states would be hit by the new 200-mile requirement  ,   large employers say Donnelly  ' s bill will make it much  HARDER  to persuade workers to accept relocations  .  
 Consumers expressed more concern about unemployment  ,   with 38 . 6 percent of those surveyed saying jobs are  HARD  to get  ,   up from April  ' s 35 . 5 percent  .  
 These things are n ' t any  HARDER  to do than installing low-flow shower heads  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to get convictions for crimes that are judged on motive  .  
 And supporters and foes of the judge  ,   as well as supporters and foes of abortion  ,   all expect the Supreme Court to make it  HARDER  to get abortions sometime in the next few years  .  
 And Then She Was Gone  ,   "  playing a self-involved businessman who learns  ,   the  HARD  way  ,   how to care for others  .  
 the situation is an excellent example of Durkheim ' s anomy  ,  social disorganization at all levels - `` norms  '  '  are  HARD  or impossible to find and the psychologist can not  ,  for long  ,  hold many preconceptions  .  
 `` It is  HARD  to keep it hip and artsy and keep out the bad element at the same time  ,   "  admits Ken Stocks  .  
 `` I ' m sorry that Debbie did n ' t win  ,   but in a sense it  ' s good I don ' t have to play her because we  ' re teammates and it  ' s  HARD  to play a friend  ,   "  Birch said  .  
 A lot of the students found it  HARD  to concentrate in class when they  ' re hungry  .  
 It  ' s like a lot of Olympic sports you  ' ve heard about -- more popular in Europe than it is here  ,   no way to get rich in it  ,    HARDER  to play than it looks -- but it looks like nothing you  ' ve ever seen  .  
 `` I know how  HARD  it is for a person to be gay because society makes it so difficult for them .   '  '  
 SO MANY things were going on the night Anita Hill came out of Ivory Tower seclusion last weekend  ,   it was  HARD  to sort them all out  .  
 `` It was the  HARDEST  year of my life  ,   "  Killberg says  .  
 `` Here in the states  ,   rock stations don ' t like music that  ' s black  ,   and black stations have a  HARD  time with rock  ,   "  Hutchence says  .  
 `` If I had n ' t known  ,   I would have thought the baby died within a couple of months  ,   "  Linda said  ,   `` but the mother called me close to the anniversary death of the baby  ,   which is often a  HARD  time .   '  '  
 But there are some problems :  `` It was  HARD   ,   going through puberty on TV  ,   because I did n ' t have the greatest skin in the world  ,   and what made it worse was I knew there would be 20 million television viewers looking for zits  .  
 `` Once you start doing it  ,   it  ' s really  HARD  for you to go into a department store and pay full price for things  ,   "  Tomaso said  .  
 `` We  ' re having a  HARD  time deciding what our top projects are going to be .   '  '  
 I even thought he might invite me to dinner on a sunny Sunday  ,  and help me plentifully to the nice cabin fare  ,  as knowing how distasteful the salt beef and pork  ,  and  HARD  biscuit of the forecastle must at first be to a boy like me  ,  who had always lived ashore  ,  and at home  .  
 TOUGH TIMES ;  The Mercer survey reveals some steps companies are taking to deal with  HARDER  economic times  .  
 Hampered by a  HARD  to-explain  shortage of elderly tenants  ,   the Palomar Inn  ,   Santa Cruz  ' s largest earthquake recovery project to date  ,   is only half full after five months of operation  .  
 `` I believe pitchers have a right to pitch inside  ,   but I have a  HARD  time believing he does n ' t have enough control that he can ' t pitch inside without hitting somebody in the head  ,   "  said Williams  ,   who considered himself lucky to escape with only a headache  .  
 Even so  ,   it is not  HARD  to concoct a fattening meal  .  
 `` It  ' s not  HARD  to find volunteers  ,   "  she says  .  
 They are a little  HARD  to use  ,   however  ,   when the car  ' s transmission is all the way forward in park  .  
 Like them  ,   they were also glued to television sets  ,   wondering about the clash of testimony of two intense  ,   proud Americans  ,   and in the end finding Hill  ' s story  HARDER  to believe  .  
 `` It was frightening and depressing because it was  HARD  to tell from the one-sided news accounts what was really going on .   '  '  
 But the  HARD  questions about efficiency and competitiveness wo n ' t be answered until the hand is dealt and played  .  
 It is  HARD  to pass by anyone in need and not feel guilty  .  
 Perhaps shifting the genre to another era and refusing to call it a soap will help  ,   but  ,   while `` Homefront  '  '  is sure to draw a broader audience  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to see it drawing a much bigger one than `` thirtysomething  ,   "  whose overall Nielsen numbers were never very impressive  .  
 But once a film gets off the ground and the budget is reasonable  ,   it  ' s  HARD  not to make a profit  ,   said Law  ,   because of `` the greater role Europe is playing .   '  '  
 Making Canseco  ' s pleas even  HARDER  to swallow is his penchant for striking out  ,   in which case it does n ' t matter where the fences are  .  
 `` These are all  HARD  decisions to make  ,   "  said Councilman Angelo Frosolone  .  
 `` Nothing against Salley  ,   "  forward Mark Aguirre said  ,   `` but if he gets $3 million  ,   it  ' s going to be  HARD  for me to accept .   '  '  
 If a new station were built  ,   city officials say they would have a  HARD  time funding the engine and truck companies to staff it  .  
 To California  ' s 2 . 1 million welfare families  ,   the Legislature has this message :  Your struggle to survive just got  HARDER   .  
 WALSH :  It  ' s  HARD  to differentiate one from the other  .  
 Museum customers are negotiating tougher deals  ,   and loans for the unusual business venture are  HARDER  than ever to get  ,   Dinamation president and chief executive Chris Mays said  .  
 `` I like it because it  ' s  HARD   ,   so it  ' s a challenge  ,   "  said Kevin  ,   a third-grader who clinched first place by winning five straight games at the March 9 competition  .  
 The  HARDEST  hams to match with wine are the honey-baked hams  .  
 It has been  HARD  to separate fact and fiction on this staff  .  
 Mesa said  ,   `` It was a very  HARD  play  .  
 Life is always  HARD  for the southerners  ,   who regularly walk great distances to find food for themselves and their livestock  .  
 Although some might find an early onslaught  HARD  to stomach  ,   retail experts agree it has advantages for consumers  .  
 He declined to name any such stocks  ,   but it is not  HARD  to spot rallies among stocks that had been given up for dead  .  
 `` It  ' s very  HARD  for us when the ground shakes  ,   "  said Vilma David  ,   32  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to live with right now  ,   when you know that machine could save someone  ' s life .   '  '  
 Now that I have children of my own  ,   I find it  HARD  to understand why a mother would sacrifice a daughter for a lowlife man like that  ,   but I know it does happen  .  
 It was a big lesson  ,   a  HARD  lesson  ,   but we needed to learn it .   ' -- Anna Petrovna Fedorova  ,   68  ,   former Communist Party member in Moscow ;    .  
 Some  HARD  choices had to be made  ,   and Gov .  Engler decided the money available should go to families and children as much as possible .   '  '  
 Albers finds that while value often is apparent  ,   many investors have a  HARDER  time identifying or believing in a long-term earnings trend  .  
 It  ' s just  HARDER  to have public health interventions to modify those .   '  '  
 It looked so routine  ,   so familiar  ,   even after five consecutive losses  ,   that A  ' s Manager Tony La Russa mused  ,   `` It did n ' t look like it was all that  HARD  to do  .  
 Or  ,   you can take a more cynical tack and argue that this is Stone  ' s clever way of appealing to today  ' s youth audience  ,   which  ,   if pressed  ,   would have a  HARD  time telling Jim Morrison from Morris the Cat  .  
 Of course  ,   those early dudes are a  HARD  act to follow  .  
 Baker said Atwater  ' s critics and even friends would find it  HARD  to believe the `` self-professed bad boy  '  '  was now with the angels  .  
 `` Fires in there are going to be particularly hot  ,    HARD  to put out  ,   "  he said  .  
 The new bills have two nearly invisible features that will make life much  HARDER  for forgers  .  
 Director-writer-producer and co-star Matty Rich closes with the reminder `` First things learned are the  HARDEST  to forget  .  
 By the same token  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to imagine interest rates rising soon  ,   with the global economy slowing markedly  .  
 Impartiality in question ;  The committee leaders say they only want to answer wrenching national questions  ,   yet it would be  HARD  to devise a panel less impartial toward Vietnam to direct the $1 . 9 million investigation  .  
 DOES etiquette have a  HARD  time getting its act together in the morning  ?  
 Adults are  HARDER  to work with than children  .  
 `` It  ' s really  HARD  to tell how good anybody is right now  ,   "  Archbishop Mitty Coach Marty Procaccio said  .  
 The attorney general ordered federal prosecutors to `` target the most violent offenders in each community and put them away for  HARD  time in federal prisons .   '  '  
 Intelligent  ,   composed  ,   unflappable  ,   religious and attractive  ,   she testified to her sexual harassment by Clarence Thomas and even to her own inadequacies  ,   agreeing that it had taken her too long to come forward  ,   that it was  HARD  to understand why she had kept in touch  .  
 Officers acknowledged that the fate of 20 to 25 others was  HARDER  to guess -- the ones whose homes were reduced to ashes and rubble  ,   where the fire was so intense that it cremated its victims  .  
 GOALS :  `` Maintenance  ,   which is the  HARDEST  part of all  ,   now  ,   because there are no more challenges -- like weigh-ins and office visits  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to have a barbecue on crushed gravel or play softball in a cactus garden .   '  '  
 `` That  ' s  HARD  for me to answer  ,   "  Moss said  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to imagine worse housing in the United States  .  
 `` It would not be  HARD  at all  '  '  to counter any Iraqi threat  ,   should one appear  ,   said the source  ,   who spoke on condition of anonymity  .  
 I wanted to show that it is not so  HARD   .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to criticize Gannett  ,   "  said Ben Bagdikian  ,   former dean of the University of California  ,   Berkeley journalism school  .  
 And it is becoming  HARDER  for consumers to escape electronic scrutiny  .  
 But face it :  Those gray squirrels are  HARD  to resist  .  
 The attorneys who defended the county knew that their difficult case had been made even  HARDER  by the anti-police atmosphere prevailing here in the wake of the March 3 beating of King  .  
  ' He  ' s going to be  HARD  to live with now  .  
It is  HARD  for me to know how I feel about Lauro di Bosis .  
 `` The  HARDEST  part of our schedule is coming up  ,   "  said Coach Terry Malley  ,   who jokingly added  ,   `` I ' m trying to get my contract renegotiated as soon as possible .   '  '  
In a rapidly changing society congregations will run into difficulties repeatedly ,  since such nice balances of economic integration are  HARD  to sustain in the metropolis for more than a single generation .  
 Still  ,   it is  HARD  not to imagine that some of debt collecting  ' s appeal stems from the job  ' s obvious ability to intimidate  .  
 It is much  HARDER  to get data on the cost of treating HIV infection without AIDS  ,   she said  .  
 A It  ' s  HARD  to say what exactly your bathroom can accommodate  ,   since I don ' t know its exact dimensions  .  
 PRINT `` Not very  HARD  at all .   '  '  
 BIG WEST Conference softball opponents might have a  HARD  time believing that San Jose State  ' s Noleana Woodard is playing at 85 percent efficiency  .  
 ( check )  It  ' s  HARD  to know some things because the people who are doing them -- believe it or not -- actually try to keep them secret  .  
 Eggbeaters are  HARD  to find  ,   also retired unjustly  .  
 Raised in an unprecedented number of single-parent or latchkey households  ,   post-boomers learned to take care of themselves and have a  HARD  time trusting others  .  
 `` It  ' s been  HARD  to look at Mo the last year or so and realize this is the same big  ,   tall  ,   energy-filled dynamo he really was  ,   "  said Rep .  John J .  Rhodes III  ,   R-Ariz  .  
 `` I would ask them if its  HARD  for them to be Hispanic there  ,   with so very few people of the same race .   '  '  
 It  ' s  HARDER  to refuse someone money if you can ' t look straight ahead and keep on walking  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to blame the state  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to remember so far back  ,   but I ' m pretty sure that in the first grade I had never heard the word `` sex .   '  '  
 Still  ,   with one farm aiming to market 100  ,  000 pounds of sturgeon each month  ,   and others -- including tiny Morgan Hill Aquafarms -- eyeing expansion  ,   it  ' s not  HARD  to imagine a day in the far  ,   far future when sturgeon may actually be commonplace -- and as loved as the pond-raised carp praised by Czechoslovakian writer Ota Pavel  .  
 On this basis alone  ,   the choice of who is lying is not  HARD  to make  .  
 There are two desserts  ,   but it would be  HARD  to convince me to order the crepes ( $1 . 95 for one up to $5 . 25 for three  )  after having sampled the bread pudding ( $2 . 45 )   .  
 it would have been  HARD  to say just what the Frys were clinging to with such tenacity  ,  life in the austere house seemed so joyless  ,  its barrenness so little different from that of that `` fine and private place  '  '   ,  the grave  .  
 Sorting out enemies and friends from above a swirling battlefield is one of the  HARDEST  tasks close-air-support pilots face  ,   said Capt .  John Mills  ,   an A-10 pilot  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  for me to imagine what has changed .   '  '  
 As if trying to win a Triple Crown and most valuable player award were not  HARD  enough  ,   playing with a sore knee down the stretch would make it virtually impossible  .  
 But special effects don ' t have to be especially  HARD   .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to remember when the Indians faced such danger  ,   "  Eduardo Franklin  ,   a spokesman for the government  ' s National Indian Council  ,   said in Rio de Janiero  .  
 But today the gold is  HARDER  to get out  ,   and low world prices combined with higher costs of mining have thinned the ranks of prospectors  .  
 `` It was very  HARD  at times  ,   because I had been referred to as a child wonder  .  
 MEDEA  ,   in a towering rage about the marriage of her lover  ,   Jason  ,   to a local princess  ,   storms and steams around the stage  ,   making dire noises  ,   rending her garments and unperming her hair ( the  HARD  way  ,   by pulling it out )   .  
 When he said slow dancing  ,   she asked  ,   `` Is n ' t that  HARD   ?    '  '  
 `` It is fair to say that it is getting  HARDER  to collect this kind of data  ,   "  he says  .  
 The guerrilla nature of the conflict made it  HARD  for soldiers to distinguish friend from foe  .  
 Diana Bond  ,   chairman of the Los Gatos CASA chapter  ,   said presenting the community with specific information makes it  HARD  to ignore or deny the problem  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to measure in dollars the value of a mature oak  ,  maple or other tree sheltering your house from the summer sun  ,  but it  ' s definitely an asset  .  
 I can ' t see ranking them ahead of Kareem Abdul-Jabbar  ' s teams  ,   and it  ' s  HARD  to rate them ahead of Bill Russell  ' s USF teams  .  
 the British travel association  ,  which does excellent work in taking care of all foreigners who want to have a good time here and study what is pompously called `` the British way of life  ,   '  '  have a  HARD  time on their hands  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to find Mexican food in Tokyo  ,   "  Sanchez told a Villa Montalvo audience  .  
 Normally  ,   you  ' d have a  HARD  time getting a plane reservation to Hawaii or a decent room in one of the popular resorts  .  
 And it  ' s definitely  HARD  to imagine the affable Stewart not talking  ,   especially since  ,   in an interview with the New York Times  ,   he had just finished criticizing the high salaries given to what he termed `` mediocre players  '  '  in the major leagues  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to tell what we  ' re looking for  ,   "  said Mary Vernieu  ,   a casting associate who ran a video camera  .  
 And exercisers  ,   in particular  ,   can probably afford an occasional sin without jeopardizing their  HARD  won  health benefits  .  
 That is a donation  HARD  to match  .  
 This being so  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to believe that  ,   according to recent polls  ,   many of us freedom-loving Americans -- the most freedom-loving of all peoples in this world -- would actually opt for more military censorship of the already heavily-restricted gulf war news that comes our way  .  
 Long-term exposure to this level of pollution may accelerate a decline in lung capacity  ,   making it  HARDER  to breath fully  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to tell the landlord  ,    ' I  ' ll keep you in mind for the future .   '   "  ;  Yet people caught up in the entrepreneurial spirit are often unrealistic  ,   he said  ,   and push ahead with vague assurances such as  ,   `` We  ' ll have to get together ;  I  ' ll be referring people to you .   '  '  
 But Roman utters every line with the same fervor and force  ,   and it  ' s  HARD  to tell whether she  ' s angry  ,   ambitious  ,   agreeable  ,   altruistic or all of the above  .  
 Fairy tale success ;  `` The Joy Luck Club  '  '  was  HARD  to ignore when it was published in 1988  .  
 As good as their other cakes are  ,   and I  ' ve had occasion to sample the chocolate-orange-walnut cake and the sherry walnut cake  ,   the trifle here is  HARD  to pass up  .  
 The town has a variety of rates based on flatland areas and  HARD  to-serve  areas  ,   but the most common service is for two cans per household  ,   which will go from $10 . 30 to $11 . 72 per month  .  
 The third element  ,   and perhaps the  HARDEST   ,   would be the software that could manage the computers  .  
 Ease of cleaning is also a consideration  ,   especially for people who have a two-story house or windows that are  HARD  to reach  .  
 The club raised $10  ,  000 last year  ,   and that amount will be  HARD  to attain and spread around to more than 14 charities this year  .  
 It  ' s a small step that makes it  HARDER  for a criminal or a crazy to get hold of a deadly weapon  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to believe  .  
 he has n ' t always been successful in this direction  ,  though  ,  and he has some stories to tell about his early days in showbusiness that are  HARD  to believe  ,  compared with his present-day success  .  
 Long said that it will be  HARD  to know when his job is done  ,   which is why the island will be monitored for pigs for two or three years  .  
 Well  ,   it may be  HARD  to disguise junk as health food  .  
 The danger to the prison guards argument -- another Vasquez reason cited by Schnacke in his decision -- is a little  HARDER  to ignore  ,   but not much  .  
 It may be  HARD  to do  ,   but we are to do it  .  
 Moreover  ,   political strife  ,   and the shortsightedness of governments  ,   is often at the root of problems  ,   and governments are  HARD  to control  .  
 In fact  ,   some of the Nordiques have a  HARD  time hiding the frustration in their voices when they talk about Lindros  ,   the highly touted No .  1 draft pick who refuses to play in Quebec and returned to his juniors team before joining the Canadian Olympic team recently  .  
 It will be  HARD  to stop at a single pair  .  
 David Steinman has written a book about pesticides and chemicals in food and it  ' s  HARD  to keep from exclaiming at the reception it has gotten  .  
 What  ' s on their minds ;  Here are some of the findings of a family survey conducted by the National Commission on Children :  ;  ( box )  88 percent of all adults think it  ' s  HARDER  being a parent today than it used to be  .  
 `` In the U . S .  it is very  HARD  to climb up the ladder step by step  .  
 Lagera wants you vets to attend  ,   but he said he  ' s having a  HARD  time locating you  .  
 National security adviser Brent Scowcroft cautioned :  `` It  ' s a lot  HARDER  to cooperate in peaceful ventures than it is in prosecuting a war .   '  '  
 `` They often have trouble refusing to extend credit because it  ' s  HARD  to take off the personal hat and put on the business one .   '  '  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to predict  ,   but we could go into October before they  ' re all gone  ,   "  she said  .  
 The  HARDEST  part of calculating the costs of fighting a war is that it requires making adjustments for the costs of not fighting  .  
 Yet it is  HARD  to believe the future is going to be quite like the past  ,   for Saddam  ' s government clearly faces challenges that were not there before  .  
 And it  ' s as  HARD  to criticize him as it would be for an art student to walk out of the Louvre and complain that da Vinci should have used brighter colors or given the lady a wider smile  .  
 The Timecap bottle seems bulky at first sight  ,   but that might be an advantage :  it  ' s  HARDER  to misplace than a small  ,   slim container  .  
 And with all the fixings padding the flavor of the McLean  ,   it  ' s  HARDER  to tell you  ' re not eating 100 percent beef  .  
 She has forked over $8 million `` in cash  '  '  for a Bel-Air shelter that will make it  HARDER  for news hawks to spy her out  .  
 David Ogden Stiers makes a valiant effort to bring the town  ' s mayor to life  ,   but often is  HARD  to decipher because of an aggressive Southern accent and blustery tone  .  
 `` I think it was  HARD  for the Saints to concentrate  ,   "  tackle Steve Wallace said  ,   happy the Superdome-dwellers could get a taste of their own medicine  .  
 I  ' ve helped her quite a bit  ,   but I ' m divorced and having a  HARD  time supporting myself  .  
 It is especially  HARD  when the survivor has a spouse or child involved  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to get doctors to say definitely that carrying school books can cause these problems  ,   but they  ' ll say it  ' s likely  ,   "  Crowley said  .  
 Whether mainstream  ,   new age  ,   goddess-oriented ( a point of view expressing a female- and earth-centered style of worship rather than a specific body of liturgy )  or wiccan ( a mainly British Isles paganism named from the Old English word for witch )   ,   today  ' s celebrants are as varied as they are  HARD  to count  .  
 Sometimes it  ' s  HARD  to choose  .  
 Not only is land  HARD  to find  ,   but also wild game populations are declining because of loss of habitat  ,   "  said Tom Ebert  ,   a partner in a construction company  ,   who wants to build the sporting clays range  .  
 GERALDO Rivera hit a new low last week  ,   but it  ' s  HARD  to say what was most appalling about it  .  
 It is  HARD  for me to figure out the point of going on  ,   if Saddam Hussein is actually willing to pull out of Kuwait without a land war  .  
 We try to keep in touch with our children  ,   but it is  HARD   .  
 -- Crushed in California ;  DEAR CALIF .  -- You have every right to feel betrayed and angry  ,   but don ' t let foolish pride catapult you into a decision that will be `` painful  ,   expensive and  HARD  on the kids .   '  '  
 Jonsen foresees thousands of sick patients coming to the state to seek aid in dying  ,   and a backlash from conservative states that will make it  HARDER  to end a life  .  
 Much of the material is  HARD  to come by and is n ' t available in some British libraries  ,   "  Pocock said  .  
 Corrections Department spokesman Tip Kindel said the drugs -- which are used to control bizarre behavior -- inhibit the body  ' s ability to perspire  ,   making it  HARDER  for the body  ' s cooling mechanism to work  .  
 Young adults in the survey  ,   ages 18 to 29  ,   reported having a particularly  HARD  time  .  
 John Devitt says he learned the  HARD  way that some large corporations will do anything for a buck  .  
 `` But I came back and that  ' s  HARD   ,   "  she adds  .  
 With a wingspan no bigger than your palm and a shrill  ,   drawn-out call often compared to the plaintive mew of a kitten  ,   the gnatcatcher is a bird  HARD  to dislike  .  
 It sounds and looks  HARD  to do but it really is n ' t  ,   and the success rate is very high  .  
 `` We had a rapid buildup in teachers  '  salaries because teachers were  HARD  to get and because that was the political will  ,   "  said Stanford  ' s Kirst  .  
 With people willing to pay $200 a week to sleep on a cot in a closet  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to resist the temptation to put a partition down the middle of a garage  ,   cut two little doors in the garage doors  ,   move children into the master bedroom with you  ,   put a family of lettuce workers in each garage cubicle  ,   a couple under a tarp by the shed out back  ,   eight men in bunks in each newly vacant room  ,   and one or two campers in the driveway or on the sidewalk and lawn out front  .  
 `` If you don ' t laugh at some of it  ,   it  ' s going to be that much  HARDER  for you  ,   "  maintains the Newark author  ,   whose book `` The Suddenly Single Mother  ' s Survival Book  '  '  has just been published by Mills &amp; Sanderson  ,   Bedford  ,   Mass  .  
 Unfortunately  ,   the display is  HARD  to read  ,   the batteries don ' t last long enough  ,   the processor is about to be obsolete ( new machines introduced last month have faster processors or processors that extend battery life )   ,   and the whole thing weighs too much  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to tell any actor  ,   "  says Landis  .  
 in such circumstances it would find it  HARD   ,  and perhaps  ,  indeed  ,  impossible  ,  to absorb within a reasonable time all the young people who had thus been thrown  ,  at one swoop  ,  so to speak  ,  on to the labour market  .  
 Then she ended her letter with a kindly plea for understanding on both sides :  `` I know how  HARD  it is for the people who make the lunches  ,   but just think of what we have to go through  .   .   .   "  she wrote  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to believe the pendulum can swing even wider for boxing  ,   "  Kevin Monaghan  ,   NBC  ' s boxing coordinator  ,   said Tuesday  ,   `` but apparently it can when you have a bizarre  ,   homophobic press conference conducted by Mike Tyson .   '  '  
 As a high school freshman in Fallbrook  ,   then a rural farm town north of San Diego  ,   Trimble decided he would attend the California Institute of Technology because `` I thought it was the  HARDEST  school in the country to get into .   '  '  
 DeGeneres  ,   meanwhile  ,   proved  HARDER  to peg  .  
 But after the summer harvest they brought from the countryside runs out  ,   it will be  HARDER   .  
 WORST FASHION DISASTER AWARD  ,   PRESENTER :  Although it would be  HARD  to single out one couture calamity in the crowd that included hundreds of women sporting rhinestone-and-Spandex numbers that would make a Tenderloin hooker blush  ,   Hayes wins this category too -- for a black spangled baby-doll outfit offset with a crucifix big enough to pound nails  .  
 But it  ' s  HARD  to say  ,   "  said Fred Herman  ,   Palo Alto  ' s chief building official  .  
 Some days it  ' s  HARD  to stay cool while listening to angry complaints  .  
 IFYOU ' RE INTERESTED ;  Smith asks people who want to sign to send at least 10 signatures ( it  ' s  HARD  to append just one )  to :  DeVon Smith  ,   R . D .  2  ,   Robot Lane  ,   Wampum  ,   Pa .  16157  .  
 U . S .  businesses are finding credit  HARDER  to get and more costly as bankers continue to tighten their lending standards  .  
 But that  ' s  HARD  to believe when they tell you how she hounded her husband  .  
 After complaints from some Toronto players that he had been  HARD  to get along with  ,   Bell so far has fit in well in the Cubs  '  clubhouse  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to see where the upturn is  ,   "  said Stephen Balog  ,   associate director of research at Shearson Lehman Brothers Inc  .  
 `` My mother used to give me a really  HARD  time about Freddy  ,   "  she says  .  
 Left guard Guy McIntyre thought Paris  '  lengthy conditioning hiatus made it  HARD  for him to catch up to his teammates  .  
 To do that  ,   they need to find out what  ' s happening now -- and that  ' s the  HARD  part  .  e 
 `` This ( elbow )  injury has been easier to take in some ways than the back problem  ,   but  HARDER  in other ways  ,   "  Montana said last week in one of his final pre-surgery interviews  .  
 `` I  ' ve had to take a compromise and accept it  ,   "  he said  ,   `` but sometimes it  ' s  HARD  to take .   '  '  
 Made with four eggs each  ,   the omelets are so huge and  HARD  to finish  .  
 The seats are firm and comfortable  ,   if slightly  HARD  to adjust  .  
 Because of the recent runup in stock prices  ,   good values have become much  HARDER  to find  .  
 Sticking to this vow turns out to be  HARDER  than he thought  .  
 Help is  HARD  to come by in the organization  .  
 `` In every crisis  ,   civil liberties are chipped away at and lost  ,   and they  ' re very  HARD  to get back  ,   "  said Rep .  Don Edwards  ,   D-San Jose  .  
 Government produces paperwork like McDonalds cooks hamburgers -- both in numbers  HARD  to comprehend  .  
 `` Unless they show me something legal saying I have to leave  ,   I ' m going to give them a very  HARD  time  ,   "  said Chris Miller of Durham  .  
 Metz has so many buildings full of roosters  ,   he has a  HARD  time keeping track  .  
 If there was a game Saturday  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to say whether he could play or not  .  
 Eliminate small patches of grass in places where it  ' s  HARD  to mow  .  
 Smith said he was having a  HARD  time earning respect as a young  ,   off-campus coach who cared about his players  '  potential as soccer players and as students  .  
 The work of grown-ups  ,   making  HARD  choices on issues such as education  ,   health care and economic growth  ,   is being left undone  .  
 A dead body is n ' t particularly  HARD  to face  ,   certainly not after you  ' ve seen 15  ,  000 of them  .  
 Here  ' s a QBasic program that asks and answers that question :  PRINT `` So how  HARD  is it  ?    '  '  
 `` It  ' s very uncommon because cases tend to be  HARD  to value .   '  '  
 To just cut it off is kind of  HARD   .  
 The aftermath of a devastating fire is both the easiest and the  HARDEST  time to impose them  .  
 La Villa ;  It  ' s  HARD  to believe that Dave and Patty Bertucelli have crammed even more food into this small but arguably best Italian deli south of North Beach  .  
 Although the Palo Alto Medical Foundation already won city council approval for its planned expansion project  ,   it is learning the  HARD  way that the situation is anything but settled  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  enough for some one like Penny -- for all of us now directing -- to get where we  ' ve gotten without that men  ' s-club mentality  .  
 Although X-ray is heavily researched in Japan  ,   it is very difficult to use to draw lines on a chip because the X-ray particles are  HARD  to control  .  
 `` Phone lines are  HARD  to get  ,   and faxes  ,   which go through phone lines  ,   don ' t always work  .  
 The images from that tragic game are  HARD  to shake :  ;  Hank Gathers had just slam-dunked  ,   giving 22nd-ranked Loyola Marymount a 25-13 lead over Portland in a West Coast Conference tournament semifinal game that never was completed  .  
 Fortunately  ,   the wheel bearings are slow and it is  HARD  to get going too fast  ,   even on a slight downhill  .  
 The cursor is often  HARD  to find on small  ,   dim lap-top screens  .  
 The early essays  ,   although they reveal sympathy and goodwill  ,   too often seem either to strain after political correctness or to lapse into coyness :  `` But boyhood is  HARD  to leave  ,   and perhaps one never does  ,   and while I try to become a man of the times  ,   I ask you  ,   O ladies  ,   for neither absolution nor understanding  .  
 By 7 : 30  ,   we were ready to leave  ,   just as the streets were getting so crowded it was  HARD  to walk without bumping into someone  .  
 President Bush has until June 3 to make what he has called a  HARD  decision on whether to renew low tariff rates for Chinese goods  .  
 Her view is that Lee is `` very insecure about women and he  ' s probably not very comfortable with white people  ,   so that makes it doubly  HARD  for a white woman .   '  '  
 It  ' s  HARD  to explain this war to a kid  .  
 Q What causes  HARD  cold starts in the morning  ?  
 But when the criticism comes from a member of the Kennedy clan  ,   it  ' s  HARDER  to dismiss  .  
 the details are  HARDER  still to see  .  
 Of course  ,   this kind of behavior gives hockey a bad name  ,   but it  ' s  HARD  to argue with success  .  
 The self-published book is as much a primer of  HARD  to-find  Santa Cruz Mountains history as it is a story about a transportation landmark  .  
 It is very  HARD  under our present system for people in small units of local government to get re-elected if they take the regional interest into serious account  .  
 From the Desert Storm buttons to the cloth eagle patches  ,   John Jarrett  ,   head of the firm  ,   said they  ' ve have had a  HARD  time keeping anything in stock  .  
 `` Anyone who has seen my films would have a  HARD  time attacking me as a person who does n ' t enjoy God  ' s green Earth .   '  '  
 So why is it so  HARD  to get your own money out of the plan  ?  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to tell in the crystal ball who will get the most mileage out of this politically  ,   "  Weir said of Seymour  ' s announcement  .  
 It may be  HARD  to judge which are the most destructive in the long run  .  
 `` I don ' t really mind sitting around for a couple of days  ,   but if it rains until Thursday it  ' s going to be pretty  HARD  to handle .   '  '  
 That  ' s what made the struggle so much  HARDER  .   '  '  
 `` I have no doubt that meeting the fiscal challenge of the current budget year will be  HARDER  than last year  ' s assignment  .  
 Allemann is a  HARD  fit  ,   but she looks like a fashion statement here in her red dress and rakish pancake hat  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  for you to be leading and doing wrong  .  
 And because so many people are unemployed and staying home  .   .   .  it  ' s  HARDER  for them to conserve .   '  '  
 It is  HARD  to make an impression with merely a week of exhibition games remaining  ,   but Darnell Coles seemed determined to do so Monday afternoon  .  
 The United States learned -- the  HARD  way -- the danger of cozying up to dictators when Iraqi President Saddam Hussein invaded Kuwait last August and flouted nine years of alliance with the West  .  
 The problem was not in the food but in our selection  ,   I think :  A fire-pot demands attention and is  HARD  to see  ,   or reach  ,   around  .  
What with traders trading for so many different objectives ,  and what with there being so many unique and individualized market theories and trading techniques in use ,  and more coming into use all the time ,  it is  HARD  to imagine how any particular theory or technique could acquire enough ``fans '  '  to invalidate itself .  
 Golfers  '  vacation ;  For folks who love to play golf on vacation  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to think of a better place to tee it up than on Bermuda  .  
 The Santa Clara Unified School District board Tuesday approved a plan to stave off  HARD  economic times and to handle an enrollment boom of up to 8  ,  000 students over the next decade by selling off or leasing out some school sites while reopening others that have long been closed  .  
 How much of this could have been handled more quietly on the ground is  HARD  to say  .  
 DeVincenzi figures the sum should n ' t be too  HARD  to raise  ,   given the pride level of Italian-Americans here after last week  ' s series of Florentine-flavored festivities  ,   topped by that black-tie opera concert Friday night at the St .  Joseph Cathedral and the bash following at Fairmont Plaza  .  
 Somehow it seems  HARD  to picture San Jose  ' s Men in Teal getting this aggressive  .  
 Women who are raped by a man they know have a much  HARDER  time recovering from the trauma than women raped by strangers  ,   research is showing  .  
 `` Whether this is a plateau  ,   or just a temporary stop along the wayside  ,   is  HARD  to say  ,   "  said Dr .  Roy Campbell  ,   a Lyme disease specialist with the CDC  .  
 So  HARD  that when Tambrands Inc .  advertised in the Army Times  ,   the Navy Times and the Air Force Times offering to send Tampax directly to women soldiers in the gulf  ,   the company received `` a couple thousand requests  ,   "  said Bruce Garren  ,   spokesman for the Lake Success  ,   N . Y .   ,   company  .  
 Now  ,   the United States Postal Inspection Service has produced a new money order that will make it  HARDER  to counterfeit money orders with color copiers or to alter the dollar amounts on legitimate ones  .  
 What  ' s even  HARDER  to believe is that a person as familiar with the consequences of addiction as I could have fallen in love with him  .  
 `` It contains and magnifies an explosion  ,   and it makes it  HARDER  for the crew to escape  .  
 Whether it is just an aberration year -- an oops kind of misfiring -- or a sign that serious problems lie ahead is  HARD  to know for sure  .  
 The owners say some of the incidents were petty  ,   but it  ' s  HARD  to argue with the numbers  .  
 It  ' s kind of  HARD  when you can ' t afford to buy even shoes to wear when you walk to church  .  
 But it  ' s  HARD  to imagine even the most suggestible youngster buying into this film  ' s phony emotionalism and hackneyed holiday spirit  .  
 `` When state money is n ' t available  ,   it  ' s  HARD  for the board to digest the idea of the Newark annex  ,   "  McIver said  .  
Aeschbacher ' s work is very much akin to Schnabel ' s ,  but the sound on his Decca disc is dated ,  and you will have a  HARD  time locating a copy of it .  
 `` It  ' s ideal for going after leaves  ,   but in addition it can pick up pine needles  ,   hedge clippings and it can get under bushes where it  ' s  HARD  to rake  ,   "  says Tom Vasis  ,   manager of product merchandising for Echo  .  
 Veterans get their identity the  HARD  way  .  
 `` I have a  HARD  time remembering that match  ,   "  Agassi said  .  
 `` We were not so much concerned that she would succeed as that the attempt would be so messy that  .   .   .  it would be  HARD  for any kind of moderate center to keep power  ,   "  a high-level U . S .  intelligence official in Manila in those years told me  .  
 And after listening to the rest of the record  ,   I find it  HARD  to disagree  .  
 They  ' re also paying higher rates because banks have a  HARDER  time collecting unpaid balances and suffer greater losses on credit cards than on secured loans  .  
Even industrial development leaders find it  HARD  to win local support for training unless a new industry is in sight and requests it .  
 `` It was  HARD  to be out there by myself .   '  '  
 `` To be honest with you  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to imagine  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  because you set a standard for yourself  .  
 it has been a long  HARD  struggle to make this the norm  ,  and for parents and godparents to realize it is such an important event  ,  and that very particular preparation is needed  .  
 `` The  HARDEST  part  ,   I find  ,   is mental  ,   not physical  .  
 Department director John Christian told the council it is  HARD  to find adequate locations for dog parks :  Most sites are either next to schools  ,   which school officials do not like  ,   or they are too small  ,   or the city would have to give up other recreational facilities to make way for dogs  .  
 `` Being in the auction business it  ' s  HARD  to have a retail store  ,   "  McCoy said  .  
 Tales circulated about test audiences finding suicide too  HARD  to take and that the ending had been changed  .  
 It was much  HARDER  to find someone who would understand a Thomas as well .   '  '  
 But it was  HARD  to watch as movers recently emptied the old home of its many antiques  ,   including the 25 floor-to-ceiling clocks Albert has refurbished over the years  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to watch  .  
 It is a serious pest and sometimes  HARD  to kill  .  
 For tired parents  ,   dealing with sleep problems can be  HARDER  than dealing with infectious diseases  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to deal with this because our system emphasizes small entrepreneurial businesses  .  
 From here  ,   it looks as if the negotiating will be  HARD  and very  ,   very expensive  .  
 Maybe the best thing that can be said about `` The 10 Million Dollar Getaway  '  '  is that it shows how  HARD  it is to make crime pay  .  
 `` Some of these athletes would have a  HARD  time reading a cereal box  ,   "  Duncan said in a document brought to light in today  ' s editions of the Washington Post  .  
 `` I could study at home  ,   but the atmosphere  .   .   .  it  ' s  HARDER  .   '  '  
 However  ,   Payne said the company had a  HARD  time selling its production of `` Our Town  ,   "  which was scheduled to close this past Friday  .  
 And if any U . S .  newspaper railed at their inhumanity for doing so  ,   it is extraordinarily  HARD  to find any record of it  .  
 In a move that could threaten the planned 400-mile Bay Area Ridge Trail  ,   Santa Clara County is considering making it  HARDER  for government to take private land for public hiking  ,   biking and riding trails  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to explain what  ' s a Rhino title  .  
 Q In close turns  ,   the power steering in my 1985 Chrysler is  HARD  to turn and feels bouncy  .  
 Asked whether the Endangered Species Act requires that the chinook salmon be spared that pain  ,   even at the expense of other users  ,   Paff said  ,   `` It makes the balancing act  HARDER   ,   that  ' s for sure .   '  '  
  ' And the big studios are very  HARD  to deal with  .  
  HARD  to believe ;  `` I want to believe that the future will be better than the present  ,   but it  ' s very HARD to believe  ,   "  said Karina Gebauers  ,   a slender 18-year-old Latvian studying fashion design  .  
 We find it  HARD  to duplicate the feeling of love that encompasses us when the odor of french fries floats through the air  .  
 He is finding out it  ' s  HARD  to find an affordable place to live  .  
 I realize it  ' s a  HARD  road ahead  ,   especially as a homeless  ,   penniless  ,   jobless person  .  
 The Redgrave sisters recently starred in a remake  ,   but it  ' s awfully  HARD  to beat the original  .  
 The company said that it was too  HARD  to get coal out of the seams and that a downturn in the market had made the operation unprofitable  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to feel any compassion  ,   "  Nelson said  .  
 That  ' s why it  ' s  HARD  to say who  ' s the best at leading off  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to take the offense to task  ,   because it has carried the A  ' s  .  
 If we want a better national life  ,   we have to be willing to look at the whole tedious picture  ,   ask the  HARD  questions  ,   and give up the luxury of depending on a surrogate parent to make our decisions for us  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to distinguish between vinyl and good coverings  ,   but there are companies that deal with archival materials  ,   "  Bauer said  .  
 The former `` It  ' s a Living  '  '  star explains that  ,   prior to production of the film in which she plays De Niro  ' s mistress  ,   `` Everybody was trying to tell me what the   ' real  '  Robert De Niro was like -- don ' t stand too close to him  .   .   .  he  ' s  HARD  to get along with .  '  
 It  ' ll be  HARD  for him to ever forget one sequence in the latter  .  
 People just don ' t want to give up something they have such fond memories of  ,   when so many things are so  HARD  nowadays .   '  '  
 With salsa  ,   Afro-pop and Brazilian music so popular  ,   ethnic instruments are n ' t  HARD  to find  .  
 It  ' s not  HARD  if you develop mixed uses at reasonable densities  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to predict how the crowd will react to new Oilers like Vincent Damphousse  ,   Scott Mellanby  ,   Peter Ing and Troy Mallette in the home opener -- Edmonton was waxed  ,   9-2  ,   by archrival Calgary on Friday  .  
 `` My first instinct was  ,    ' Oh  ,   no  ,   you can ' t do this  ,    '  but once you start making a movie about these issues  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to think of just doing a movie  ,   "  he says  .  
 It is  HARD  to define Helprin  ' s elusive power  ,   which was also evident -- along with his unevenness -- in `` Winter  ' s Tale  ,   "  a novel of New York as grand historical myth  .  
 The project was the idea of student leaders Sara Charukesnant and Christine Esperanza  ,   two best friends who finish each other  ' s sentences so quickly that its  HARD  to be sure which one said what  .  
 The pancake grew stiff and heavy in his mouth and was  HARD  to swallow  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to talk about  ,   "  he said  .  
 Elderly rural Americans find money is especially tight and that health care is more expensive and  HARDER  to get than in the city  ,   an Agriculture Department study says  .  
 I started warming up :  While other businesses recognize how  HARD  it is for many people to patronize them during the day  ,   the post office has no offices in San Jose open after 5 : 30 p . m  .  
 `` It  ' s a complicated trend  ,   and one that  ' s  HARD  to generalize about across industries  ,   "  said Blake Downing  ,   a Palo Alto consultant and venture capitalist  .  
 Nowhere does it seem  HARDER  for the fat police than at the high school level  .  
 He too  ,   however  ,   believes the republics may find it  HARD  to jettison their Soviet ties  .  
 It may be equally  HARD  for the Arts Council of Santa Clara County to round up creative types for its artists registry  ,   described as a `` key resource to facilitate communication with and about the arts community here .   '  '  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  for me to accept .   '  '  
 `` It  ' s really  HARD  to say  .  
 Autographs are  HARD  to come by  ,   but a face or two might be familiar  .  
 `` Jill and I were talking about how  HARD  it is to break into the San Francisco clubs  .   .   .  even though we draw in San Jose  ,   "  said Alison  .  
 Saving the parents seems like a much  HARDER  task  .  
 However  ,   longtime party Chairman Gus Hall was a  HARD  man to reach by telephone this week  .  
 It  ' s often  HARDER  to cope with the stress of being unemployed than it is to make ends meet  ,  especially if yours is a two-income household  .  
 The board has to be able to ask  HARD  questions  ,   and ask for information in a certain way  ,   so it understands it .   '  '  
 It is best to let it wear off after you have killed the aphids because it is  HARD  to get off  .  
 A What I worry about is when economies are not robust  ,   it is  HARDER  to get market openings  .  
 Two German libraries with extensive collections on the Islamic world confirmed the book  ' s existence but said it was  HARD  to obtain  .  
 Good English  ,   however  ,   is  HARDER  to preserve than good architecture  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to believe that our community has become like New York and Los Angeles  .  
 Even now  ,   it  ' s  HARD  for me to think about the events during the early years of my marriage  ,   which veered from intense happiness to deep sadness  .  
 `` It was kind of  HARD  talking to someone about this  ,   "  said Katherine  ,   referring to her interview with Krementz  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to tell from scattered scenes  .  
 `` Most of the people in my department do different jobs  ,   and that makes it  HARD  for me to do appraisal interviews  ,   "  a department head complained  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to override righteousness to go surfing  .  
 `` The administration is ducking the  HARD  decisions on energy and the environment  .  
 ( Answer :  `` The show has been great for me  ,   but it  ' s  HARD  to have any real feelings for him because he does n ' t expose much  .  
 ( check )  Alternatives :  Unfortunately  ,   lauan is the cheapest plywood  ,   and it  ' s  HARD  to find an alternative comparable in price  .  
 `` My parents  ,   both of them  ,   did not even finish high school so it has been  HARD  for me to even think about going to college  ,   "  said junior Patricia Rodriguez  .  
 `` If we focus and execute against anybody  ,   we  ' ll be  HARD  to stop  ,   "  said SJS inside linebacker Chris Clarke  ,   who had a team-high nine tackles  ,   a quarterback sack and fumble recovery  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to accept the fact that one out of every four of our children will be abused by the time they are 18 years old  .  
 When told that Such said Erickson was too laid back in his World Series start  ,   after being too hyper in the playoffs  ,   Erickson said  ,   `` I guess it  ' s too  HARD  to make everybody happy  .  
 Which fate awaits EMF is  HARD  to say after only one hour  .  
 To Hebert  ,   it  ' s not  HARD  to add all of this up  .  
 Times apparently are so  HARD  that even lotto fever has cooled down to a cold sweat  .  
 Tameness and barking are characteristics of juvenile animals  ,   and today  ' s dog is a canine genetically stuck in adolescence  ,   a youngster that finds it  HARD  to keep its mouth shut  .  
 The  HARDEST  thing about comedy  ,   he says  ,   is that you have no idea if it  ' s going to work until you see it on stage  .  
 It is  HARD  for them to be open-minded about bloodshed  .  
 `` But probably one of the  HARDEST  things is finding bean things kids like .   '  '  
 Q :  Regarding the sewage treatment plant problem  ,   discharging fresh water into the bay :  In the past  ,   San Jose  ' s resistance to complying with environmental laws seems to have made a settlement with the Water Quality Control Board  HARD  to reach  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to argue with his coaching techniques  ,   especially after becoming the toast of the NBA for the job he did Saturday in San Antonio  ,   Texas  .  
 It was  HARD   ,   because they ( police officers )  would rather have gone to shoot it out in a bank robbery than go to a community meeting  .  
 This has been theirs since the Nixon years when they discovered that if you aroused racial emotions  ,   never  HARD  to do in America  ,   it was better to have the white vote than the black vote  ,   if all you wanted was to win  .  
 `` Any check going out is a  HARD  one to write  ,   "  said Kitayama  ,   `` But it  ' s for a cause that is going to help the industry in the long run .   '  '  
 Rules were few ;  The  HARDEST  part of the whole experience was choosing which car to drive next  .  
 It would be  HARD  to make that argument if business was proposing the tax increase  .  
 among human speakers `` lastly die  '  '  is a natural way to express pathos  ,  though a tautology ; but a meaning which would make it a correct description of the career of the son is  HARD  to invent  .  
 GENTLE READER -- It is  HARD  to imagine why anyone negotiating a rise to the top would consider it possible to skip mastering the very simple requirements necessary to get food directly into the mouth  .  
 Very  HARD  to find a few nice acres in Florida  .  
 It  ' s  HARDER  to look for a new job  .  
 Anderson said the council did n ' t make the needed  HARD  decision  .  
 And dating is  HARD  sometimes ;  I don ' t always know if the man is interested in me  .  
 Certainly  ,   it is very  HARD  for most Americans to be patriotic when there is no agreed-upon country to cherish  ,   only warring tribes and  ,   over all  ,   a National Security State to keep the lid on -- $300 billion a year for law and order  .  
 I mean  ,   how  HARD  was it going to be to sit there and watch Robert Redford ride around on horseback  ?  
 `` His books are easy to read and  HARD  to swallow .   '  '  
 most people would agree that Immanuel Kant was a great thinker and also that he was  HARD  to understand  .  
 Showing courtesy ;  When he was on patrol  ,   Finton said some non-smoking officers would simply throw out the ashtrays in police cars  ,   making it  HARDER  for smokers who use the vehicles  .  
 `` It  ' s the  HARDEST  individual sport that there is  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to talk about yourself  .  
 I suspect as the newest waves of immigrants become second and third generation Americans  ,   their needs and voting instincts will be as diverse as those of any other Americans  ,   and it may be increasingly  HARD  to identify them as a voting bloc  .  
 Yet in a couple of weeks  ,   Danforth will lead the charge against the Bush White House to pass the 1991 Civil Rights Act  ,   a bill seeking to reverse recent Supreme Court decisions that make it  HARDER  for women and minorities to prove job discrimination  ,   especially claims based on statistical under-representation in the workplace  .  
 Youths in Alameda and Santa Clara counties agree that finding a summer job this year is  HARDER  than ever  .  
 It  ' s just an average day at the Children  ' s Discovery Museum of San Jose  ,   every child  ' s answer to heaven -- perhaps the only place in town where it  ' s  HARD  to tell the big kids from the little kids  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to delve into the mind of a rooster .   '  '  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to believe people are talking about the ( remote )  chances of this club  ,   when I saw what I saw today .   '  '  
 The National Labor Relations Board announced a decision Friday that could make it  HARDER  for companies to relocate factories to low-wage areas  .  
 Doorknobs become slippery and  HARD  to twist  .  
 `` It  ' s going to be very  HARD  for my clients to buy one  ,   "  he said  .  
 And though the flavor is n ' t as pronounced as Jarlsberg  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to quibble when you have such impressive nutrition numbers  .  
 Dreyfuss as Sam is  HARD  to take  .  
 A divorce would be painful  ,   expensive and  HARD  on the kids  .  
 `` It  ' s become  HARD  to generate new blood  ,   "  Cibilich said  .  
 Which makes her withdrawal and grief that much  HARDER  to take  .  
 in no time at all their very revolutionary qualities are copied  ,  and appear quite dismally hackneyed : what was once fresh and surprising becomes tricksy and affected  ,  and by now  ,  in the case of the new wave  ,  the movement is so barnacled with its own cliches that it is  HARD  to remember the high - inordinately high - hopes it began with  .  
 Anyway  ,   my concern  ,   after this Balch Springs incident  ,   is that more criminals will start packing turtles  ,   which are quieter than guns and  HARDER  to pick up with metal detectors  .  
 It  ' s also  HARD  for the assessor to keep track of sales  .  
 `` They are laying some contracts out but it  ' s really  HARD  to find the decision-makers .   '  '  
 First  ,   Clow said she had a  HARD  time getting the word out to parents of disabled children  .  
 This may be  HARD  for the manager to do  ,   but that  ' s the kind of thing managers get paid for  .  
 As students signed yearbooks and wrote phone numbers on the backs of their hands  ,   Branham junior Lori Dickerson said she expected watching graduation to be particularly  HARD  `` because we  ' ll see what we should have been doing .   '  '  
 The  HARDEST  part for Brown probably has been the off-the-field demands  .  
 It  ' s not surprising to me that it  ' s often  HARD  to get top people interested in public service  .  
 It  ' s very  HARD  to imagine doing the things we do without language  .  
 `` We learned the  HARD  way that you can ' t celebrate until the final whistle  ,   "  he said  .  
 She also complained that the club had a  HARD  time keeping people on its board of directors  .  
 The maturity was the  HARD  part ;  the flops just seemed to come naturally  .  
 `` The  HARDEST  thing in the world to do is to say  ,    ' I ' m good  ,   I ' m capable .  '  
 High school attendance is  HARDER  to keep up than elementary and middle school attendance  .  
 As Marsalis  '  versatile son Wynton once observed  ,   it  ' s very  HARD  to flip-flop between jazz and classical in the same evening  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to focus  .  
 Dealing with the loss is  HARD  enough  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to say it  ' s an accident  ,   but it pretty much was -- there was no real fighting .   '  '  
 Some said that  ,   even if abortion remains legal  ,   it may become  HARDER  to obtain  .  
 He now explains  ,   `` Since then  ,   if an actor does something that  ' s  HARD  to pull off  ,   or is unusual in some way  ,   we  ' ll single the person out .   '  '  
 Shannon Kelley told her mother  ,   Martha Kelley  ,   owner of Almaden Valley Videotaping and a member of Almaden Kiwanis Club  ,   about how  HARD  it is for blind people to use a machine designed for people who can see  .  
 Now this I find a little  HARD  to believe  .  
 And it  ' s  HARD  to envision Jackson humbly throwing batting practice for the next six months without creating some sort of a ruckus  .  
 `` She did n ' t like the idea of being tied to them but she was having a very  HARD  time trying to cut back because she was in constant pain  .  
 Local exhibitors already have a  HARD  time projecting a sharp picture with crisp sound  .  
 It  ' s always  HARD  to leave a job one enjoys so much  .  
 naturally his intention in putting so much weight on it has been found especially  HARD  to grasp  .  
 And  HARD  to deny  .  
 `` We have 15 players and it  ' s  HARD  to get all of them in  .  
 It is always  HARD  to predict the future  ,   and yet policy gets made anyway  .  
 The support of media and fans is  HARDER  to come by  .  
 And he said the team  ' s 13-game losing streak has been  HARD  on everyone  .  
 In the Bay Area  ,   performance art is traditionally associated with the extravagant presentations of George Coates and Paul Dresher  ,   whose multimedia work is otherwise  HARD  to `` type .   '  '  
 It  ' s  HARD  to convey in words  .  
 And when your hormones are going  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to think .   '  '  
 Gerald Powers  ,   associate professor at Boston University  ' s College of Communication  ,   says `` public relations can be  HARD  to define  .  
 Still  ,   the trend toward shorter vacations was sparked earlier by the explosion of two-worker households  ,   which makes it much  HARDER  to dovetail schedules  ,   and it has grown as tour operators have increasingly targeted this growing market niche  .  
 `` It  ' s possible that so few companies had a  HARD  time complying with the laws because many had already developed policies and practices that were not far out of sync with what these parent-leave laws required  ,   "  the study said  .  
 the narrow man  ,  the man who knows little outside his own field of science and nothing at all outside science itself  ,  is virtually useless in industry - not just because he finds it  HARD  to communicate with or manage other people -LRB-  which is important enough  -RRB- but also because he is a bad technologist  .  
 `` Part of this law also has to do with making it  HARDER  for kids to buy cigarettes in the first place  ,   "  she said  .  
 Why should it be so  HARD  to know what you  ' re eating  ?  
 They say he later erred in the other direction by agreeing to almost all the terms set by civic groups that had opposed his original plans  ,   even if the revisions lead to a scaled-down plan that is  HARD  to make profitable  .  
 The latest generation of EDA software replaces older generations that were much  HARDER  to use and took longer to design products -- and many of the programs were fashioned by the chip companies themselves  .  
 `` It is  HARD  to leave this campus  ,   "  Fullerton said  .  
 Our second afternoon  ,   as we dragged into Merced Lake after an 8 . 4-mile downhill hike that we had all thought would be a snap  ,   one of my well-traveled companions gasped  ,   `` I  ' ve decided this is  HARDER  than Nepal  .  
 The deficit is why  ,   the politicians say  ,   there is not enough money to help the cities  ,   not enough money to provide health care to 33 million uninsured Americans  ,   not enough money to help Eastern Europe and the Soviet republics through their  HARD  transition to democracy and thereby build a better world  .  
 I have a  HARD  time with the people who say  ,    ' I hate politics  ,   I don ' t even want to talk about it .   '    .  
 The required information is included  ,   but I think the type style and format are especially  HARD  to read  .  
 ANOTHER ISSUE :  Editor Tina Brown knows how  HARD  it is to follow a hit like the August Vanity Fair cover showing a nude and pregnant Demi Moore  ,   but Brown has a second biggie coming in September  ' s mega-edition of the popular mag  .  
 it is  HARD  to estimate how much loss to the revenue the changeover  ,  keeping the same rates  ,  would involve  ,  but a figure of *+30 m has been quoted  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to give a quick report card on the governor  ' s action on solving the budget because the crisis is just so enormous  ,   "  said Senate President Pro Tempore David Roberti  ,   D-Los Angeles .   "   .  
 `` He is going to bring about a different attitude among the black people in San Jose  ,   and that  ' s  HARD  to do because black folks in this town are not very together  .  
 `` Marijuana sales are pretty  HARD  to come by around here  ,   so a pound of good quality marijuana like sinsemilla sells quite high  ,   "  said Detective Mark Kostic of the Southern Alameda County Narcotics Enforcement Team which assisted the DEA in confiscating the plants  .  
 `` That  ' s one of the  HARDEST  things  .  
 His wife  ,   whom I had a  HARD  time distinguishing from the flowered chintz sofa  ,   was obviously suffering from a severe Laura Ashley overdose  .  
 THOSE folks at the Society for the Preservation of English Language and Literature  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to run verbal goofs and malapropisms past  ' em  .  
 Mercury News National and Foreign editor Paul Van Slambrouck  ,   once a correspondent for the Christian Science Monitor in South Africa  ,   understands that information is sometimes  HARDEST  to come by when events play out beneath a chador of secrecy  .  
 `` Because of the tremendous scope of the atrocities  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to forget  ,   "  said Kent Khauv  ,   a San Jose Cambodian who works as a clinic clerk for the Santa Clara County Health Department  .  
 Some people do abuse the system  ,   but for most people on welfare  ,   it  ' s a long and  HARD  struggle to get through the month  .  
 `` The sets are longer and a lot  HARDER   ,   "  Kraemer said in a fatigued voice  .  
 Ferreira was conscious but `` looking like he was having a  HARD  time with the pain .   '  '  
 `` But we are facing the typical summer slowdown  ,   and it is  HARD  to say what will happen .   '  '  
  ' I go to international gymnastics camps to look  ,   but a second Korbut is very  HARD  to find .   ' -- Gymnastics coach and former Olympic champ Olga Korbut  .  
 `` It is very  HARD  to fathom a colleague who would do things like that  ,   "  said Brad Phillipson  ,   fire marshal in San Marino  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to stay quick  .  
 Other analysts worry that the Fed  ' s recent stimulus may be tantamount to `` pushing on a string  '  '  whose front end is very  HARD  to move with pressure from behind  .  
 these forces were numerous enough  ,  and even now after sixty years it is  HARD  to find anyone whose sympathies can be enlisted for them against those who emerged with the battle honours and the consequent good press  .  
 James George  ,   a former Canadian ambassador to Kuwait and an environmental scientist who led a Friends of the Earth inspection team to Kuwait in June  ,   told the subcommittee that now these lakes are catching fire  ,   causing more pollution than a well fire  ,   and will be  HARDER  to extinguish  .  
 As Berman conceded  ,   he had to learn that the  HARD  way as far as the home-run call  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to see a brighter picture for children for years to come  .  
  ' Stick to what you  ' re doing  '  ;  But  ,   she says  ,   `` It  ' s a really  ,   really  HARD  time in radio right now for people who are n ' t dance artists and whose music does n ' t have the certain groove that happens to be popular now  ,   "  she says  .  
 `` You ought to make the 18th the  HARDEST  hole on the golf course .   '  '  
 This is  HARD  enough to achieve in drama but xceptionally tricky in comedy  ,   which depends on the intangible element of timing for much of its effect  .  
 `` I know that my  HARDEST  work comes before and after games  .  
 `` Sometimes it  ' s  HARD  to explain what  ' s going on even when you both speak the same language  ,   "  Nguyen said  .  
 `` It  ' s a  HARD  one to give up  ,   "  Pardee said  .  
 EARTH Day 1990 is a  HARD  act to follow  .  
 `` It was kind of  HARD  to do what they wanted me to do  ,   "  said Susan  ,   an eighth-grader at Hopkins Junior High  .  
``I ' m-  HARD  to wake up '  '  ,  she faltered .  
It is  HARD  ,  on the other hand ,  to blame the policeman ,  blank ,  good-natured ,  thoughtless ,  and insuperably innocent ,  for being such a perfect representative of the people he serves .  
 Herbert Jarrell  ,   technical director of accuracy testing for the American Association of Bioanalysts  ,   said it is  HARD  to see how labs can fail  ,   yet they still do  .  
It was going to be  HARD  going all the way because he hadn ' t written seriously for a while ,  except for a few stories ,  was tired of the old method of realismo he had so successfully used in The Sky Is Red .  
 The Red Sox have done things the  HARD  way in a late drive for their fourth division championship in six years  .  
It entered her body with the ghastly intimacy of an incubus ,  and its particles ,  spreading ,  creeping ,  crawling ,  joined themselves into steel bands that constricted her knees so tightly that they ached; stifled her lungs so that her breath came in harsh gasps; clutched her throat and sucked up the moisture in her mouth so that her tongue was dry and  HARD  and stuck to the roof of her mouth and her teeth were clenched together in the rigid fixture of her jaws .  
 But the relationship between physical activity and cancer is  HARDER  to grasp  .  
 The sometimes tedious discussions of virus strains and cell types  ,   where they came from and what was done with them may be  HARD  going for the uninitiated  ,   but it is these details that provide counterpoint to Crewdson  ' s reporting  ,   for those readers who wish to compare  .  
 But if he thinks he  ' s going to step in and take my job  ,   it  ' s going to be  HARDER  than he thinks .   '  '  
 `` But if it  ' s over a kitchen sink  ,   it can be  HARD  to reach the plants if the window is real deep  ,   "  Hickerson said  .  
 A desert storm can be so fierce that it  ' s  HARD  to stand up straight  ,   see more than a few feet or even catch a breath  .  
 Why is it so  HARD  to find an open condemnation of this aggression in our media  ?  
 Biden hailed it as `` a tough crime bill that includes death penalties for many more offenses  ,   makes it  HARDER  for criminals to buy guns  ,   bans assault weapons  ,   beefs up federal and local crime fighters  ,   launches an attack on gangs  ,   on rural crime and on drug offenders and provides new prisons .   '  '  
 The world  ' s leading maker of liquid crystal display screens for lap-tops  ,   the Japanese firm Hosiden Corp .   ,   said last month that it will no longer bother trying to export the screens to the United States  ,   making them  HARDER  for U . S .  firms to acquire  .  
 Mills  '  performance grows steadily in emotional conviction until it  ' s  HARD  to imagine this damaged  ,   vulnerable victim is being played by the same actress who played Abby  ,   the wicked vixen of `` Knots Landing  ,   "  for so many seasons  .  
 The 67-year-old actor likes the idea of doing a couple of `` Gunsmoke  '  '  TV movies a year  ,   `` but a weekly show would be too  HARD  a workload for me these days .   '  '  
 It  ' s  HARD  to maintain that kind of thing for a whole game  ,   especially on the road .   '  '  
 Television is  HARD  to fight  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  for some of us to realize that in prosperous Silicon Valley there are children  ,   older folks and even whole families in desperate need of all kinds of services  ,   from emergency food and shelter to substance abuse counseling to affordable child care  .  
 If so  ,   it might be  HARD  to match him with a co-host  .  
 `` It  ' s been very  HARD  to understand why corporations have n ' t seen that  .  
 To some degree  ,   it is  ,   but it  ' s  HARD  to say how much of the short-run burden is due to the current recession  .  
 The first one is  HARD  to get in until Spangler shows us how to bend the end slightly to fit it over the motherboard  ' s mounting rail  .  
 Such help is not  HARD  to find  .  
 These guidelines are voluntary  ,   and it  ' s  HARD  to determine how fast new ideas are trickling into the classroom  .  
 Ironically  ,   Stanford researchers  ,   who have complained for several years that Stanford  ' s high overhead rate was making it  HARDER  for them to compete for grants  ,   may benefit  .  
 `` I  ' ve been waiting since the last day of  ' 89 for this  ,   and it  ' s  HARD  to describe  .  
 When Kelleher and business partner Rollin King mapped out Southwest  ' s original routes -- between Dallas  ,   Houston and San Antonio -- on a cocktail napkin in 1966  ,   they had no idea how  HARD  it would be for business to take off  .  
 Current tax laws make it  HARDER  for Arizona communities to lure teams than the ones in Florida  ,   and Vincent is trying to influence the legislature  .  
 Now there are two problems :  getting the police budget under control  ,   so that the city knows the real cost of services ;  and deciding -- this is the  HARD  part -- whether San Jose can afford those services in this tight budget year  .  
 Although costlier and  HARDER  to score and compare  ,   these are the kinds of tests proponents of a national exam system say they want to shoot for  .  
  ' Responsible growth  '  ;  `` I know people have a  HARD  time  .   .   .  they want to keep things as they are  ,   "  Bricker said  .  
 Drs .  Mary Jumbelic and Michael Chambliss found that a toddler  ' s high center of gravity and relatively large head make it easy to topple into a bucket and that the toddler  ' s lack of coordination and strength make it  HARD  to get out  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  as hell to get anything going  ,   "  said Phillip Brown  ,   Novato  ' s city manager  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to understand and it  ' s unconnected to science policy issues .   '  '  
 They are  HARD  to read and understand  ,   but they reveal plenty to those who can interpret them  .  
 Landry  ,   52  ,   a former beauty-shop owner who has three biological children and has adopted seven handicapped children  ,   says the three years it took to adopt her first son  ,   Denny  ,   now 21  ,   were  HARD  on her and the boy  .  
 In particular  ,   Smith said  ,   vapors that pose health risks could make it  HARDER  for some people to sell their homes  .  
 Anita Hill  ' s allegations of sexual harassment will make it  HARDER   ,   not easier  ,   for public figures to sexually harass their employees and survive public scrutiny  .  
 The machine is so small and built with such common materials that it would be extremely  HARD  to detect  ,   said Edward J .  Lofgren  ,   a physicist who helped to develop the device in the early 1940s at the University of California at Berkeley  .  
 ( box )  Avoidance children -- Kids in this group had a  HARD  time as babies  .  
 Because the brush head is so small  ,   it is ideal for getting to those  HARD  to-reach  places many toothbrushes miss  .  
 The FDIC resisted that approach for months  ,   arguing that bank failures are too  HARD  to predict  .  
 It was  HARD  to separate the two .   '  '  
 When `` above  '  '  is part of the problem  ,   this is  HARD  to request  .  
 Some candidates acknowledged they would have a  HARD  time doing so  .  
 `` This has always been the library of the people and now it  ' s going to be  HARDER  for people to use .   '  '  
 It  ' s  HARD  to resist such unconditional love  .  
 But it will be  HARD  to raise anybody  ' s consciousness if you can ' t first get their attention  .  
 The usually terrific Nelligan ( `` Eye of the Needle  '  '  )  is particularly  HARD  to take  .  
 The  HARD  choices are clear in the Hepburn book  ,   the desolation when she finds her beloved Spencer Tracy dead on her kitchen floor and the dreadful moment when Tracy  ' s widow tells her  ,   `` I thought you were only a rumor .   '  '  
 Q Has it been  HARD  to resist the temptation to trade  ?  
 This will break their hearts .   ' -- Boston Mayor Ray Flynn ;   ' It  ' s  HARD  to cope with  .  
 `` where did he get it  ?   '  '  -  ' t was easily started  ,  but mighty  HARD  to stop  .  
 Seems even  HARDER  to believe it  ' s still around to celebrate anything  .  
 `` You have to make some  HARD  decisions  .  
 `` La Femme Nikita  '  '  is so American in style and execution  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to conceive of it being any more Americanized than it is now  .  
 `` The fact that he made that statement so early is  HARD  for me to understand  .  
 To be sure  ,   the past and present would not be  HARD  to improve on  .  
 The  HARDEST  part is seeing what it  ' s doing to the rest of my teammates .   '  '  
 One resident said empty parking spaces are  HARD  to find in the plaza lot and she wondered what Chevy  ' s management planned to do about employee parking  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to say what it is  ,   but I knew as soon as I saw him telling New York on the air the other day  ,    ' This is not a drill  .  
 They have withdrawn certain expenses connected with running the president  ' s house  ,   saying they were proper but would be  HARD  to explain to the public  .  
 Medak talked about how  HARD  it was to get his `` The Ruling Class  ,   "  with Peter O ' Toole  ,   off the ground ;  journalist-festival adviser Gideon Bachmann told would-be film makers to start thinking in terms of story and communication  ,   rather than `` high art .   '  '  
 `` It  ' s really  HARD  to imagine what state services are going to look like when they  ' re finished solving this problem  ,   "  said Marcia Howard  ,   acting executive director of the National Association of State Budget Officers  .  
  It  ' s understandable that 53 years of column-writing would produce a long list of things to `` remember  '  '  ;  what  ' s  HARDER  to figure is why Caen has been pining for the Good Old Days ever since his column began  .  
 Eighty-eight percent said it is  HARDER  to be a parent today than it used to be  ,   and 81 percent said parents don ' t spend enough time with their children  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to think of a simpler arrangement or a healthier example of bare-bones handiness  .  
 It may be  HARD  for municipal officials around the country to accept it  ,   but free-market Republicans believe that places like New York  ,   Philadelphia and Detroit deserve to die  .  
 IT ' S  HARD  to believe that summer is drawing to a close  ,   but before we know it vacations will be over and everything will be back on a normal ( whatever that is )  schedule  .  
 There is a piece of communism in all of us  ,   and this is what will be  HARDEST  to kill .   '  '  
 `` What  ' s been really difficult up to now is that kids really want this in their schools  ,   but it  ' s  HARD  to find ( teachers to serve as )  advisers  .  
 At times  ,   it has been  HARD  to get the word out  ,   but all told  ,   this chapter in Georgia farm history has reaped more profits than problems  .  
 In their places  ,   Stanford  ' s Ted Leland and Cal  ' s Bob Bockrath are having a  HARD  time containing their glee  .  
 But frankly  ,   I find that  HARD  to believe  .  
 The  HARDEST  part of producing this book was not scaling mountains  ,   poring over law books  ,   interviewing murderers  ,   writing a 480-page book  .  
 Although it was only 11 a . m .   ,   the snow was getting denser and  HARDER  to push with my skis  .  
 Toyota will have a  HARDER  time breaking into the Midwestern market  ,   with its strong `` Buy American sentiment .   '  '  
 Of other folklore  ,   Wysocki notes :  ;  `` When squirrels hoard a large store of nuts  ,   the winter will be a  HARD  one  .  
 `` The more we get  ,   the  HARDER  it is to keep up  ,   "  Garner said in Zakho  .  
 Says Fred :  `` It  ' s  HARD   ,   but I always prioritize  .  
 Among those most vulnerable to the epidemic  ,   and  HARDEST  to reach  ,   are recent immigrants and migrant workers who are often left out of the network of social services and health education available to other long-term residents  .  
 And that  ,   it turns out  ,   is a very  ,   very  HARD  thing to do  .  
 He eludes the categories by which we usually sort and evaluate artists :  He  ' s unpredictable  ,   elusive  ,    HARD  to pin down  .  
 In contrast  ,   genes from the nucleus are scant  ,   with only two copies per cell  ,   and thus  HARDER  to salvage from old  ,   damaged tissue  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARDER  than running  .  
It is ,  I insist ,   HARD  to define the Rayburn contribution to our political civilization because it is so massive and so widespread and so complicated ,  and because it goes so deep .  
 Baldwin  ' s biggest mistake ;  Alec Baldwin  ,   who co-starred with Kim Basinger in `` The Marrying Man  '  '  for a division of Disney  ,   gives the studio a  HARD  time in an interview with Entertainment Weekly magazine  .  
 `` For families that are n ' t making big incomes  ,   it  ' s really  HARD  to keep a roof over their heads  ,   "  said Fran Wagstaff  ,   director of the Mid-Peninsula Housing Coalition  ,   a non-profit group that helps develop and maintain affordable housing units in the Bay Area  .  
 They want Congress to make it  HARDER  for individuals to file  .  
 Between the superb fish chowder  ,   the rock lobsters they call guinea chicks on Bermuda  ,   plus conch stew  ,   pan-fried rockfish  ,   and other fresh seafood  ,   it  ' s not  HARD  to dine very well  .  
 If the dove was even close on the first day of the talks  ,   it was  HARD  to tell  .  
 `` Wintertime is the  HARDEST  time  ,   "  said Trish Crowder  ,   executive director of the San Jose Shelter Foundation and vice chairwoman of the center  ' s planning committee  .  
 Of course  ,   to see her every Sunday  ,   from the waist up  ,   always smiling behind her desk at ESPN  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to imagine that pixie look on the polished Robin Roberts  .  
 Implementing the Nutrition Labeling and Education Act of 1990  ,   the Bush administration has said it should n ' t be  HARD   .  
 If it escapes into the neighbor  ' s lawn you  ' ll find it  HARD  to eradicate without killing the other grasses  .  
 JOHN F .  Kennedy was president  ,   but you  ' d have a  HARD  time finding a trace of his romantic Camelot in Turlock circa 1962 -- the time and place of `` Pink Lightning  ,   "  tonight  ' s premiere movie on the Fox network  .  
 The machine that takes a DNA fragment and spins out copies is n ' t much  HARDER  to use than the newest Xerox  .  
 The steps are not especially difficult  ,   but its flowing lines and haunting  ,   unearthly atmosphere are  HARD  to master  .  
 Former Kansas City Royals second baseman Frank White  ,   with his outstanding career clearly near its end  ,   is having a  HARD  time getting a contract for 1991  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to say what makes people censor .   '  '  
 And they could make it very  HARD  for King Fahd of Saudi Arabia and President Hosni Mubarak of Egypt to keep fighting -- and keep risking more Arab lives -- now that Saddam has offered to pull out if Israel will do the same  .  
 BONNIE Raitt is a woman in love -- it  ' s awfully  HARD  to miss that  .  
 As for this year  ' s team  ,   `` I have a  HARD  time describing this team other than they play well together .   '  '  
 In Dunsmuir  ,   the economic damage is  HARDER  to assess  .  
 It was even  HARDER  for him to accept the news this time  ,   but Trevor Wilson just knotted his tie and dodged questions  .  
 `` I had a real  HARD  time sitting on the bench  ,   "  said Knecht  ,   who also played safety in high school  .  
 `` The area is so big  ,   so vast  ,   that it  ' s really  HARD  to get a handle on it  ,   "  he said  .  
 Were these skilled missile makers  HARD  to find  ?  
 Such disclosure would put a spotlight of embarrassment on bankers  ,   and make it  HARDER  for the problems of troubled institutions to be swept under the rug  .  
 Finding time can be the  HARDEST  part  ,   so schedule your choice or you may never do it  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to miss San Mateo  ' s Dunfey Hotel from Highway 101  .  
 Even from the perspective of time and empty Raid cans  ,   it is  HARD  to decide which were worse :  Santa Ana  ' s flying water bugs or Southern Maryland  ' s chirping crickets  .  
 Kid-tested bean recipes are  HARD  to come by  .  
 I had no quarrel with the flavor of either steak or sauce  ,   but the meat was filled with gristle and  HARD  to cut  ,   even with the dull steak knife I finally obtained from a waiter after our own simply ignored my request  .  
She stood up ,  smoothing her hair down ,  straightening her clothes ,  feeling a thankfulness for the enveloping darkness outside ,  and ,  above everything else ,  for the absence of the need to answer ,  to respond ,  to be aware even of Stowey coming in or going out ,  and yet ,  now that she was beginning to cook ,  she glimpsed a future without him ,  a future alone like this ,  and the pain made her head writhe ,  and in a moment she found it  HARD  to wait for Lucretia to come with her guests .  
 Perhaps the part many find  HARDEST  is the necessity for professing appreciation afterward  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to do good when you  ' ve been doing bad  .  
 As Davis Cup `` miracles  '  '  go  ,   this one will be  HARD  to beat  .  
 `` It  ' s a  HARD  course  ,   but I did n ' t see a darn thing wrong with it  .  
It is  HARD  to blame them for this .  
 `` That  ' s  HARD  to do  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  here to understand the separation of the two because of all the violence we see in our daily lives  ,   "  he said  .  
 `` The next day we were recording in the studio -- and this is  HARD  to believe -- but of all things  ,   Lonnie Jordan spills some wine on the recording console  .  
 A ground war  ,   he said  ,   `` will be very  HARD  .   '  '  
 `` As old as I am  ,   it  ' s all still  HARD  to face people who take their parenting responsibility so lightly  .  
 They did n ' t take the telephone lines down -- how  HARD  can that be  ?   -- allowing Yeltsin to communicate with George Bush and John Major  ,   both of whom did all that they could to lay down the law from the international perspective  .  
 `` Edge cities are  HARD  to define  ,   "  he writes  ,   `` because they rarely have a mayor or city council  .   .   .   '  '  
  ' We got through ;  by falsifying results  '  ;  Diana Caldwell found out the  HARD  way what can happen when lab tests go wrong  .  
 `` It is  HARD  to find a plant that is not a host  ,   "  Natwick said  .  
 Both writers are fairly interesting  ,   particularly McNamara  ,   but at the end it  ' s  HARD  to figure out why Adams chose either  .  
 Randisi  ,   who is responsible for the roundup  ,   said it is getting  HARDER  to persuade the ducks into the traps -- covered  ,   wire mesh enclosures  ,   curved at the ends for the entrance  .  
 Unfortunately  ,   the snow peas and the noodles were badly overcooked and the pieces of chicken were  HARDER  than finding a shortstop who hits 40 home runs  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to be a phenom -- especially when you  ' re always recovering from injuries  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to take this too seriously in light of Jenkins  '  comments after a 73-3 season-opening win over Louisiana Tech  .  
 Everett said he thought Cox was going to run a longer rout over the middle  ,   but it  ' s  HARD  to imagine Everett getting the ball over Bowles in that situation  .  
 It turned into one of those things when the more you reach out to someone  ,   the  HARDER  they are to touch  .  
 OBSTACLES :  She has a heart condition that makes it  HARD  for her heart to work efficiently  .  
 Is it so  HARD  to believe that native Americans were and still are just like everyone else  ?  
 If the dough is too  HARD   ,   you may have to wait 3 to 5 minutes  ,   but it will cut cleanly and you wo n ' t lose narrow parts of the cutout  .  
 It  ' s pretty  HARD  to beat that down  ,   "  she said  .  
 Moreover  ,   said David Wyss  ,   research director for DRI/McGraw-Hill  ,   an economic consulting firm  ,   `` a weak Christmas will mean it would be  HARD  to get much action in the first quarter of 1992 because retailers will be overstocked and orders anemic .   '  '  
 The session was n ' t entirely serious -- it  ' s  HARD  to be too serious over lunch at Bini  ' s -- but the point was there :  If the supes can ' t agree on new district lines reflecting population changes from the 1990 census  ,   somebody else ( three somebodies  ,   actually )  will  .  
 Without clear and reliable mammography  ,   researchers say  ,   breast cancer is more likely to go undetected until it is larger and  HARDER  to treat  .  
Long  HARD  years of ``on the job '  '  training had brought them to their competence .  
 `` David Duke has some good ideas about some things  ,   but I think it would be  HARD  for him to accomplish some of those ideas  ,   "  Hebert told New Orleans reporters  .  
 `` The  HARDEST  thing was  ,   you  ' d turn around and the drummer ( Steve Jordan )  has switched with the bass player ( Charlie Drayton )  and then on the next song they  ' ve switched back .   '  '  
 Nothin  ' s worth having if it ai n ' t ;  a little  HARD  to get  .  
 It was  HARD  to skate after Mark  ,   "  said Galindo  ,   who split with pairs partner Kristi Yamaguchi last April after they had won back-to-back national titles  .  
 According to Stephen O ' Donnell  ,   assistant store manager at the McDonald  ' s where the McLean is available in San Jose  ,   `` It  ' s  HARD  to beat those 320 calories .   '  '  
 It was too  HARD  to get help  .  
 IT ' S  HARD  to face down a roomful of elderly and disabled people pleading for mercy  .  
 But when he left the Bay Area  ,   he found victories  HARDER  to come by  .  
 The experts also note that parents who are intensely political about their sexuality may make it  HARDER  for their children by denying them the option of secrecy  .  
 `` I think most people have a  HARD  time believing that the Supreme Court could take away a constitutional right  ,   "  says Kolbert  .  
 I know it  ' s  HARD   ,   I know they  ' re having a tough time  ,   with the cost of living  .  
 The  HARDEST  decision could involve Bass  ,   presuming he returns on the scheduled date  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to flush things out of your mind with all these stats and these games the businessmen play  ,   "  he said  .  
It may be  HARD  to decide what this labor is worth ,  but charge something for it .  
 Other riders insist the helmets distort their balance and make it  HARDER  to see  .  
 `` The  HARDEST  thing to do is to do something that you feel very strongly about musically  ,   that really reflects you  ,   and that also reaches a lot of people  ,   too  .  
 Pointing to his experience in foreign-exchange trading  ,   Brady contended that it  ' s  HARD  for governments to successfully affect the course of such large markets  .  
 When you  ' re successful -- and success in the game today is winning and making money -- it  ' s real  HARD  to say you  ' re not doing the right thing when your team has been in the World Series three years in a row  ,   you  ' ve led the league in home runs and you  ' re making $3 million a year  ,   "  Jackson said  .  
 `` At least I went for the  HARDEST  thing  ,   "  he said  .  
 If  ,   for example  ,   you don ' t see yourself paddling serious whitewater  ,   there  ' s probably no need for a small  ,   super-durable ( read heavy )  nimble ( read  HARD  to control )  model  .  
 `` They have to understand that in times that get  HARDER   ,   providing a benefit like this is not frivolous .   '  '  
 Perhaps it is your wish to never have to learn anything  HARD  again  ?  
 It  ' s  HARD  to believe  ,   for example  ,   that Judy Rankin has n ' t made it  .  
 As he sticks his black nose through the fence and whimpers for attention  ,   one finds it  HARD  to believe that anyone would n ' t want this dog  .  
 `` It  ' s a very  HARD  choice  ,   "  echoed Santa Clara Mayor Sue Lasher  ,   who also has a vote  .  
 We lived in a dirt-floor shack in the northern Nevada desert with neighbors of a similar mind -- nice folks mostly  ,   until the sun went down and alcohol mixed with strong emotions and it became  HARD  to remember that we all loved and cared about one another  .  
 Back in the cheap seats  ,   the ones that only cost $150 each  ,   it was  HARD  to tell  ,   at least until the video screens on the sides of the huge tent on the hospital grounds flicked on  ,   and we got video confirmation -- a quick glimpse of the white hair  ,   the broad smile  ,   the trademark pearls  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to talk about our success without talking about Dianna  ' s success  ,   "  he says  .  
 One  HARD  choice will involve the promised addition of 45 police officers next year  .  
 The NTSB said the lighting configuration used by the Skywest plane complied with federal regulations  ,   but would have made it  HARDER  to see than if it had been fully illuminated  .  
 That makes it  HARD  to provide enough open space spread evenly through the development  ,   the report said  .  
 The film brings us closer than we  ' ve ever been to herds of the skittish beasts  ,   which have survived in large numbers only because they  ' ve been  HARDER  for poachers to find and more expensive to hunt because of their remoteness  .  
 After five years of  HARD  -- dry -- lessons  ,   Santa Clara Valley water officials are looking for ways to store more water during rainy years  .  
 American Catholics learned a  HARD  lesson when exclusively ethnic `` national  '  '  churches common in the East and Midwest closed when parishioners moved to the suburbs  .  
 `` It  ' s very  HARD  for single parents  ,   who are struggling  ,   to be active in dealing with the community  ,   "  she said  .  
 For a person on the road for ten thousand miles a year  ,   that adds up to about one chance in ten thousand per year of being killed in an automobile accident  ,   much larger than many of the other risks we try so  HARD  to exorcise  ,   but still less than a tenth the average risk of death from smoking .   '  '  
 I find it  HARD  to talk about people who are fans of mine  .  
 She says it  ' s  HARD  to sit with her husband and watch a movie in which she makes passionate love to an on-screen co-star  .  
 It gets  HARD  to explain what they actually see .   '  '  
 But at this remote outpost  ,   up steep paths of thick mud inaccessible to most trucks  ,   it is  HARD  to see a pattern to the haphazard distribution of what thus far have been meager food and water supplies  .  
 Though they found a higher proportion of players listed as out or doubtful after games on artificial surface  ,   Duberstein said actual severity of injury was  HARD  to accurately measure  .  
 Heather said it  ' s  HARD  for her to concentrate on schoolwork when  ,   directly across the street  ,   drug dealers are doing a brisk and lethal business  .  
 `` The story of their creation and journey from New Zealand is  HARD  to determine  ,   "  says Nathen Wright  ,   part owner of the nursery  .  
 `` Maybe if I  ' d had Hunter before  ,   "  she said  ,   `` I would n ' t have had such a  HARD  time with it .   '  '  
 Scott Halem works with a group that distributes needles weekly to  HARD  to-reach   ,   high-risk intravenous drug addicts  .  
 Since he holds no public office  ,   it  ' s  HARDER  for him to raise money  .  
 It  ' s really  HARD   ,   all the things that go along with this ;  it  ' s not as easy as a lot of people look at it  .  
 Q Is it going to be  HARD  to ration another 5 percent  ?  
 `` I can sympathize with investors  ,   these are  HARD  risks to understand  ,   "  said William Gross  ,   managing director with Pacific Investment Management Co .  in Newport Beach  ,   Calif  .  
 `` It might be  HARD  to say that when you walk nine men  ,   but the problem was he had too much adrenaline .   '  '  
 The cutbacks  ,   especially those involving removal of management layers  ,   indicate that most young managers will have a  HARDER  and longer time getting not only salary increases but actual promotions  .  
 In many states  ,   he said  ,   the governors  ,   legislatures and mayors are angling so  HARD  for tactical advantage that `` it  ' s HARD to figure out what  ' s behind all the political smoke and mirrors .   '  '  
 It would be so  HARD  to get everyone together  .  
 `` tell her what you think  ,   '  '  I said ; but in a conformist small town this was evidently as  HARD  as for an atheist parent to challenge religious instruction  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to explain  .  
 As frustrating as the situation can seem  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to knock the A  ' s for trying to maximize sales  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to explain to a 3-year-old  ,   "  she says  .  
 The  HARD  part is guessing what he might be good at doing on TV  .  
 THESE DAYS  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to find anyone in Silicon Valley or elsewhere who does n ' t rely on a personal computer  ,   work station  ,   network and the other accouterments of high technology to do his job  .  
 `` To have fraud  ,   there has to be criminal intent there  ,   and that  ' s  HARD  to prove .   '  '  
 It may be  HARD  landing a CEO for Kaleida because of the impressive credentials demanded by the search team  ,   headed by Apple Vice President David Nagel  .    $ 
 But like many of about 25 other witnesses being sought  ,   they are  HARD  to locate because they do not yet have permanent housing  .  
 You may find this  HARD  to believe  ,   but I love him dearly and it hurts when I see the way his family lives while I struggle to barely make ends meet  .  
 Coming to America has always been  HARD   .  
 After the hearing Wednesday  ,   Serra and other supporters acknowledged that the celebrity status and massive popular support that helped Croy gain his freedom may also have made it  HARDER  to adjust later when  ,   as the judge put it  ,   the `` glitter goes away .   '  '  
 Lawyers involved in mental health issues say companies are unlikely to try to get rid of mentally ill workers before the law takes effect  ,   in part because many of these employees have not come forward and are  HARD  to identify  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to believe he wo n ' t be coming home .   '  '  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to say I ' m happy because of a man  ' s life here  ,   "  said Diane Nelson  ,   the mother of slain ESL worker Wayne `` Buddy  '  '  Williams  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to imagine a bunch of bureaucrats going for this ornament on the side of an aging brick building downtown  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  enough for any family  ,   "  he adds  .  
 Part of the problem  ,   he says  ,   is it  ' s  HARD  to know what  ' s important  .  
 When it comes time to plant the new bare-root roses in January  ,   the  HARD  part will be done  .  
 And it is  HARD  to know what his ideal bat weights should be  .  
 `` I mean  ,   it can ' t be that  HARD  to get him a replacement  ,   "  Arata said  .  
 Wilson  ' s last-minute worker  ' s compensation proposal  ,   which failed to emerge from an Assembly committee Wednesday afternoon  ,   would make it  HARDER  for workers to collect injury payments for stress-related claims  .  
 Firefighters had a  HARDER  time than expected stopping the blaze that has jumped containment lines and spread to more than 2  ,  750 acres  .  
 Bill Stone  ,   president of Stanford  ' s alumni association  ,   said the alumni  ' s fierce loyalty to Stanford has made the controversy especially  HARD  to take  .  
 Take  ,   for instance  ,   the prominent signs over the fitting rooms that were  HARDER  to find in older K marts  .  
 However  ,   running DOS software  ,   the Zenith is faster at the same tasks  ,   though  HARDER  to learn than the Mac  .  
 Despite  HARD  financial times  ,   the county last year handed out $550 `` bonuses  '  '  to each of its 2  ,  000 managers  ,   they said  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to get corporations to rethink that .   '  '  
 `` If you have a  HARD  time saving in the first place  ,   they make a lot of sense  ,   "  she said  .  
 Leaning back on the couch in the East San Jose home he  ' s lived in since 1950  ,   Matsumura thinks back to the older days and says it  ' s  HARD  for him to believe that 50 years have gone by  .  
 it seems  HARD  to believe now  ,  but it was not till five months later that I brought up the subject in desperation  .  
 Getting the measure on the ballot for the Nov .  5 election was not  HARD  to do because the solicitation for a signature on the initiative was slanted in a provocative way ;  getting the intelligent people of Sunnyvale to vote for it will be a much more difficult job -- in this case doubly HARD because Sunnyvale is so well-run  .  
 This is a  HARD  time to be synthesizing news from half a world away  .  
 But taking that first step -- signing up for a swimming lesson -- can be the  HARDEST  part  .  
 David Lloyd  ,   a Berkeley professor who teaches colonial literature and minority literature  ,   said  ,   `` It is  HARD  to be a professor now  .  
 Darkwing is what Batman might have become if Bruce Wayne  ' s mom had married Howard the Duck :  a tongue-in-cheek crime fighter who  ' s  HARD  to take seriously  .  
 `` One of the  HARDEST  things is to learn to pace yourself  .  
 FOR most people  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to imagine anything good about a migraine headache  .  
 With names like `` Swordfish  '  '  and `` Lightning  ,   "  it  ' s  HARD  to remember these products are really advanced new semiconductors  .  
 ( check )  Former bankrupts may find it  HARD  to get a job  .  
 So it  ' s  HARD  not to raise an eyebrow as you listen to `` Luck of the Draw  ,   "  her new album and the follow-up to 1989  ' s `` Nick of Time  ,   "  which won three Grammys  ,   sold 2 million copies and raised Raitt from cult to star status  .  
 `` I find it  HARD  to see how they could be more cooperative  ,   "  said Robert Destatte  ,   a Defense Intelligence Agency research specialist  .  
 When you come home from work after a  HARD  day  ,   your loyal dog is always there to make you feel welcome by leaping up on you with insane joy and knocking you down and drooling all over your business clothes  .  
 In a brochure available to its customers  ,   Hertz said the cars that it sells are in `` peak mechanical and physical shape  '  '  and receive `` the kind of constant professional care that is  HARD  for a backyard mechanic to provide .   '  '  
 `` It was kind of  HARD  not playing much  ,   "  Julien said  .  
 `` When you  ' ve cut administration as we have  ,   it  ' s going to be  HARDER  to tell someone to focus on ( dropouts )   ,   "  he said .   ,   `` But that  ' s not to say that we wo n ' t do it .   '  '  
 In many cases  ,   it  ' s not very  HARD  for someone to look up your wedding license  ,   the deed to your house  ,   your political party or what car you drive  .  
 `` It  ' s just so  HARD  to get a job in Nashville  ,   because there are so many good singers in town .   '  '  
 `` It  ' s very difficult to describe the euphoric feeling you get when you win the game and  ,   conversely  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to describe the pain you go through when you lose the game  ,   primarily because of all the criticism that  ' s heaped on you .   '  '  
 Breaking the tech talk habit  ,   however  ,   is a lot  HARDER  than it sounds  .  
 To decrease the risk of injury  ,   develop and follow a  HARD /easy schedule  .  
 He knows how  HARD  it can be  ,   having endured the experience at roughly the same age  .  
 Slime mold fruiting bodies are often very beautiful  ,   but most are so tiny that they  ' re  HARD  to see clearly without a magnifying glass  .  
 I just said  ,    ' This is too  HARD   ,   too difficult and there is no joy in this .   '   "  ;  Burnett notes that television has changed since the 1970s  .  
 we made `` the right approach  '  '  very quickly  ,  and it was  HARD  work  .  
 Bush  ' s anguish that night is  HARD  to believe in view of the fact that he launched the attack on Iraq after months of unrelenting pressure on Congress  ,   the U . N .   ,   and the American people to accept war  ,   and after rejecting every opportunity for a peaceful solution  .  
 Marriage starts on paper ;  What makes this war even  HARDER  for Georgia Van Zanten is knowing that her son is starting his marriage through letters to Jennifer  .  
 And he was kicking his front leg in a way that made it  HARDER  to drive forward  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to predict their efficiency in rough seas  ,   "  said Testa  .  
 So it  ' s  HARD  to say .   '  '  
 `` When you take a nickname and don ' t demean it  ,   "  Kelly said  ,   `` I have a  HARD  time with ( any flap )  .   '  '  
 `` It was a very  ,   very  HARD  thing for us to take  .   .   .  when you  ' ve dedicated 4 1/2 years of your life and you just want to hold onto him .   '  '  
 But fresh fruit and vegetable growers will have a  HARDER  time because Mexican competitors already have a share of our market and want more  .  
 `` But  ,   if it  ' s something a client already has and is particularly drawn to  ,   it  ' s pretty  HARD  to pull them away from it .   '  '  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to do two things at once  ,   "  says Ramey  ,   who earlier that day had bashed his face against the side of a helicopter during a bumpy takeoff  .  
 Such photos of the current crisis are  HARD  to come by because of the lack of media coverage  .  
 `` How  HARD  is it to get a gun  ,   when a 10-year-old can get it  ?   "  said Sgt .  John Sieracki  ,   who heads a drug enforcement unit  .  
 Although the ruling would not technically be binding on other Superior Court justices  ,   without substantial new evidence `` it would be  HARD  ( for them )  to arrive at a different conclusion  ,   "  said David Reiser  ,   an attorney for the D . C .  Public Defender Service  .  
 Sometimes it  ' s  HARD  to figure where one track ends and another begins  ,   so smoothly does Nelson maintain the tone of the set  .  
 Attractive women seem to have the  HARDEST  time getting dates  .  
 Sure  ,   a few psychopaths may actually do these things  ,   but it  ' s pretty  HARD  to drum up support for them at the office  .  
 The  HARDEST  thing about the piece is not its steps -- which are mostly running and fast changes of direction -- but its fluidity  .  
 It was  HARD  to track what happened to ameliorate the gripes  ,   but it was easy to see on the local news the effect of the walks ;  people saw a mayor who pounded the pavement  ,   the leadership equivalent of the cop on the beat  .  
 But I find it  HARD  to believe that a truly homeless person is best served by living in a garbage dump and having to deal with drug dealers  .  
 Which is too bad  ,   because it  ' s  HARD  to think of a place less like the former KRON ( Ch .  4 )  weather forecaster than L . A .   ,   where insincerity and doing lunch are art forms  .  
 Some of them are a little  HARDER  to get to know and to be able to believe in what you  ' re trying to teach them .   '  '  
 It would be too  HARD  to coordinate schedules for three different groups -- not to mention all that equipment .   '  '  
 As we face  HARDER  economic times  ,   we see more needs developing in our communities and a greater sense of urgency to look for help beyond government  ,   beyond the churches and the non-profit sector  .  
 Because it  ' s usually very  HARD  to assess blame for water wasting  ,   it  ' s virtually impossible to assess water penalties fairly  .  
 Subtle violations are ;  the  HARDEST  to prove ;  I am 35 and  .   .   .  have always worked in the technical/professional area and have a great deal of interaction with my accounts  .  
 `` Those students who find it  HARD  to stay on task or be respectful find me communicative regularly about that .   '  '  
 It  ' s  HARD  to know if kids fully understand how bleak her vision is  ,   but if they do  ,   you can bet they wo n ' t ever be using the air conditioners in their cars  .  
 The fastball that Gags hit was n ' t as  HARD  as the ones he  ' d been throwing .   '  '  
 They can trigger recurring nightmares or intrusive thoughts  ,   making it  HARD  to concentrate  .  
 The last five weeks have been  HARD  on SCU  ,   but this might have been the toughest to take  .  
 `` David Bonior has earned this position the  HARD  way  ,   "  said Rep .  John Lewis  ,   D-Ga .   ,   `` by doing the nitty-gritty  ,   unglamorous work each and every day .   '  '  
 You said you had `` a  HARD  time believing such a thing could happen .   '  '  
 `` Sometimes  ,   I  ' d have a  HARD  time at school  .  
 `` Today  ,   it  ' s a  HARDER  scene  ,   "  observes university spokesman Ray Colvig  ,   a 1953 graduate of Cal  .  
 There will always be some who try to bend the rules  ,   but clear  ,   stiff rules are at least  HARDER  to bend  .  
 Otherwise it  ' s  HARD  to tell  .  
 And  ,   it  ' s not  HARD  to get to  ,   being only 200 miles from either Berlin or Vienna  .  
 `` When you put them up side by side  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to make an argument that ( the lottery )  does n ' t violate the law .   '  '  
 In other action :  ;  ( check )  The court today said it will consider making it  HARDER  for title insurance companies to fix prices  .  
 The barons of the Nashville country-music machine learned that lesson the  HARD  way last year at the Grammy Awards  .  
 Favorite movie :  `` The last one I saw I liked was  ' The Sheltering Sky .   '   "  ;  Musical preferences :  `` Since I am a musician  ,   I  ' d say improvisational creative music  ,   which is  HARD  to describe .   '  '  
 It  ' s kind of  HARD  for a student to talk to a teacher like that  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  for them to read .   '  '  
 A Newark office building orphaned by the savings and loan crisis has been offered to the city of Newark in a deal city officials say may be  HARD  to refuse  .  
 But the idea of discarding the basic etiquette and sanitary measures of the society is so revolting to civilized people that it is  HARD  to imagine anyone  ' s having the stomach to do it as a joke  .  
 `` It  ' s kind of  HARD  to say what will happen in terms of additional service because we  ' ve got to get the service up and running  ,   "  Caltrans spokesman Jim Drago said  .  
 But with jobs  HARD  to find and competition fierce  ,   she is among a growing number of people taking refuge from the recession by returning to college  .  
 `` In a war  ,   it  ' s kind of  HARD  not to stick with a unity theme  ,   "  a House Democratic leadership aide said  .  
 That makes it  HARDER  to draw districts that favor minority candidates  ,   he said  .  
 `` The common denominator for all these children is that they live in Santa Clara County  ,   where life is very  HARD  for families  ,   "  said Paul Schutz  ,   director of development for Social Advocates for Youth  ,   a counseling and education program for youth  .  
 `` It  ' s really  HARD  for them right now  ,   "  sheriff  ' s Sgt .  Jim Knudsen said  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  for cities to provide affordable housing  ,   he said  .  
 IT WOULD be  HARD  to find a mother in America today who has n ' t wondered if a woman were in the White House  ,   would we be at war  .  
 it is you  .  .  .  would it be grievously  HARD  on you  ?   '  '  
 `` We want to make the right decision for the good of the community  ,   "  Morse said  ,   `` and it  ' s a just a  HARD  decision to make .   '  '  
 `` Where we will be going today  ,   "  Johnson said before the ride  ,   `` is about a two on a scale of one to 10 ( 10 being the  HARDEST  )   .  
 `` It  ' s very  HARD  to keep a research agenda intact  ,   being gone any longer than I was  ,   "  she says  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to get them to put on their name tags  ,   some are very shy  ,   but when they do put on their name tags they have a good time  ,   "  says Cleere  ,   laughing  .  
 Although he continues to insist he is enjoying the challenge  ,   and shows no outward signs of wear and tear  ,   Wilson  ' s finding out the  HARD  way that Spencer  ' s warning contained a lot more than a grain of truth  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to work up a lot of warmth for a person with her psychological hang-ups and generally poor taste in men  .  
  ' I did n ' t do it  '  ;  `` It  ' s  HARD  for me to believe this is happening  ,   "  he said in an interview last week  .  
 I  ' d like to find Billy some relief  ,   but it  ' s just  HARD  to do right now .   '  '  
 The  HARDEST  thing that I suffered on the personal level was the treachery  .  
 A friend of the couple  ,   Joyce Thompson  ,   said Rob had told her three days afterward  ,   while searchers were still looking for Blair  ,   `` It  ' s going to be  HARD  raising Nicole alone .   '  '  
 Best of all  ,   we now put morality  ,   leadership and real answers to  HARD  questions ahead of depravity  ,   expediency and diversion -- right  ?  
 SOMETIMES  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to imagine Yosemite as conservationist John Muir first viewed its pristine magnificence  .  
 `` It  ' s not a place I love being  ,   "  she said  ,   meaning the limelight  ,   `` and it  ' s  HARD  to make up $72  ,  000  .  
 Ana Jaramillo Bicakci  ,   25  ,   a geologist in San Jose  ,   found the drama to be a dispiriting lesson in how  HARD  it is for men and women to communicate  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to tell how people are going to react to this  ,   "  Debley said  .  
 Said Ned :  `` If we don ' t make it  ,   we  ' ll regroup  ,   but it will be  HARD  to get the momentum up again .   '  '  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  for them to get to the point where they don ' t feel guilty for being raped .   '  '  
 Or Mario Elie  ,   whose minutes have been  HARD  to find  .  
 And the public sector has not filled the gaps  ,   he said  ,   noting that Medicaid coverage is often  HARDER  to get in states that have large populations of blacks  .  
 You lose it at that time in a big game  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to take .   '  '  
 It  ' s  HARD  to believe that IBJ got caught in it .   '  '  
 Now comes the  HARD  part -- how to go about it  .  
 The power of arrogance ;  `` The  HARDEST  thing is sublimating the fear that you don ' t know what you  ' re doing  ,   "  he says  ,   after a long pause  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to realize this is the last time we can come to see a Blackford game here  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to get the rhythm under those conditions  .  
 Kennedy told a meeting of the faculty Committee on Research on Tuesday that Stanford might decide to forgo some of the overhead charges because they are too  HARD  to explain to the public  .  
 The tree fills the yard with so many leaves it is  HARD  to keep up  .  
 Maybe it would be good for them .   '   "  ;  Dealing with state shortfalls in special education funds is  HARDER  since the classes are mandated by state and federal laws requiring that schools provide all services mentally and physically handicapped children need  .  
 `` But  ,   at times  ,   it  ' s  HARD  .   '  '  
 `` I extended my hand -- and it  ' s pretty  HARD  to extend it to the guy ( Mayor Bradley )  I extended it to  ,   let me tell you .   '  '  
 It  ' s  HARD  to believe that a man so intelligent could be an alcoholic/addict  .  
 However  ,   he admits  ,   `` I ' m having a  HARD  time getting funding for it  .  
 The bread should be quite  HARD  and crisp but still pliable enough to cut  .  
 as regards simple absence of humour  ,  I like to think I  ' m as fond of a good laugh as the next man  ,  but I can stand doing without for long periods when reading  ,  having been trained in the Oxford English school  ,  and many of the best science-fiction stories  ,  `` the xi effect  ,   '  '  for example  ,  distil a kind of horror  HARD  to conceive of as harmonising plausibly with anything comic  .  
 While bookings to resorts such as Hawaii still will be  HARD  to come by  ,   seats to other destinations in the continental U . S .  may be available  ,   even at the last minute  .  
 We don ' t want you to imagine it will be easy  ,   but we  ' ve given you Betty Friedan  ' s The Second Stage ( Summit  ,   1981 )  to get a sense of why it  ' s worth trying to get the mix right  ,   and Arlie Hochschild  ' s The Second Shift ( Viking  ,   1989 )  so you  ' ll realize that it  ' s  HARD  for everyone  ,   not just for you  .  
 It  ' s very  HARD  to sell meat in Los Angeles  .  
 It  ' s easy to say and  HARDER  to prove  .  
 `` I was n ' t doubting my ability  ,   but it  ' s  HARD  to keep a positive attitude sometimes  ,   "  Chitren said  .  
 But the tenor of their romance is such that it is  HARD  to see how these two could go wrong and  ,   in the end  ,   they don ' t  .  
 What is even  HARDER  to face for some is how fundamentally the Supreme Court  ,   along with the country  ,   has changed since that day in 1967 when President Johnson picked Marshall to replace Justice Tom Clark  .  
 Companies such as Everex will have a  HARDER  time differentiating themselves  .  
 Although she is one of the most closely observed animals of modern times  ,   it is  HARD  to tell for sure  .  
 They prove that the only reason these guys don ' t belong in a museum is they are  HARD  to read standing up  .  
 All of a sudden  ,   Japan is bursting with plans to import more foreign-made products -- and it is not  HARD  to figure out why  .  
 Sam Jankovich  ,   Miami  ' s athletic director from 1983 until leaving last December to become the New England Patriots  '  chief operating officer  ,   issued a statement Saturday that said :  `` It  ' s  HARD  for me to believe this kind of thing could happen given the structure of the financial-aid system .   '  '  
 TIME FOR A REALITY CHECK ;  These days  ,   it  ' s getting  HARDER  to distinguish boxing from pro wrestling  .  
 He says it is  HARD  for him to say `` my daughter .   '  '  
 This was also the  HARDEST  part of the movie for Kathleen Jalalpour to watch  .  
 It is  HARD  to know why they did this  ,   but we can speculate  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to justify paying $140  ,  000 for black-and-white when you get color for free .   '  '  
 She was having a  HARD  time French braiding her hair  .  
 `` We  ' re in a time of rapid social change  ,   and it  ' s  HARD  to know what the rules are at any point  ,   "  said political scientist and journalism professor Philip Meyer of the University of North Carolina  .  
 Unfortunately  ,  it  ' s  HARD  to buy crape myrtle by variety  .  
 The company stock value of one of our brokers has grown from a $3  ,  100 contribution made on his behalf in 1985 to $77  ,  000 six years later ;  it would be  HARD  to find a better retirement plan  .  
 `` That makes it damn  HARD  to make a profit  .  
 it was n ' t so  HARD  before  .  
 And since the cast rotates for each performance  ,   it would be  HARD  to pull off a flawless show  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  when you come this far  .   .   .  well  ,   it  ' s HARD to lose anytime  ,   "  said SJS quarterback Matt Veatch  ,   who threw an interception that was returned for Minnesota  ' s go-ahead touchdown  .  
 `` This is  HARDER  than running a city council meeting  ,   "  Spangler said  ,   quipping  .  
 Candice also learned the  HARD  way that time is a crucial element in some research  .  
 Quarterback Joe Montana  ' s storied run of success with the 49ers has been so spectacular that it is  HARD  to imagine it could have gone another way  .  
 According to Deacon Jeremiah Yang  ,   Chun  ' s commitment to bettering the lives of poor Koreans -- and his suicide -- were forged more by his recognition of misrule than by his own  HARD  life  .  
 THE frozen food section continues to burst with new convenient meal  ,   main dish and snack items  ,   but nutrition information can be  HARD  to find unless there  ' s a health pitch with the product  .  
 `` The one thing there was universal support for was the fact that he had been through a  HARD  time .   '  '  
 But the council approved a last-minute amendment that will make it  HARDER  to win the university regents  '  approval  .  
 `` It  ' s much  HARDER  to do that kind of intelligent dramatic series with overlapping story lines today and keep it on the air  ,   "  he said  ,   referring to the growing competition that has made patience a costly virtue  .  
 In other words  ,   all the people you figured would have a  HARD  time finding work anywhere else are still stuck at WKRP a decade later  .  
 `` Starlight Angel  '  '  short  ,   crammed with Ken and Barbi facsimiles  ,   is particularly  HARD  to take  .  
It was the only thing about her that was the least bit  HARD  to remember .  
 Cuomo described the issue of hiring quotas as `` a nice thing to discuss  ,   especially if you want to get people  ' s eyes off the real problem ( the economy )   ,   which you can ' t deal with because it  ' s too  HARD  politically .   '  '  
 Black truffles are prized for imparting flavor to food and are expensive -- $500 a pound or more for fresh product -- because they are  HARD  to come by and the world  ' s supply has been reduced by over-harvesting  .  
 With all the buzzing going on from everybody  ' s electronic agendas  ,   voice memo-takers  ,   pill-taking reminders and other such unnecessarily fancy trinkets  ,   it is  HARD  to tell  .  
 Her career is set now  ,   and her singing is  HARD  to beat  .  
 My favorite holiday Halloween- ;  Is really  HARD  to beat  !  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to be excited and upset at the same time  ,   because we got so close  ,   "  Sanders said  .  
 But we could n ' t even go to Leningrad without permission -- and that was  HARD  to get  ,   "  he said  .  
 one ought not to propose remedies except for admitted evils ; and I find it  HARD  to say that the popularity of Oxford and Cambridge is an evil  .  
 It  ' s always  HARD  when you  ' re playing a team with a losing record  .  
 `` I ' m afraid I had a  HARD  time waking up this morning after what I drank last night .   '  '  
 `` It  ' s getting as  HARD  to keep up with us as it is with the players  ,   "  one general manager mused  .  
 Miss Manners fails to understand why this is so  HARD   .  
 `` Developers and builders are having a  HARD  time  .  
 The Godfather of comedy ;  In the mid- ' 80s  ,   it was  HARD  to think of San Francisco comedy without thinking of Alex Bennett  ,   the Don Corleone of the scene  .  
 It was going to be  HARD  after a summer of playing ( Gabriela )  Sabatini and Martina  ,   then playing the No .  1 for Fresno State .   '  '  
 `` You  ' re talking about people who have a  HARD  enough time getting down the street  .  
 Besides  ,   the true `` value  '  '  of a particular package is far  HARDER  to define than just a dollars-and-cents initial price  .  
 When your own needs are not met  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to take care of others  '  needs  .  
 No-fault makes it easier and faster to be compen sated for the typical medium-sized accident  ,   but  HARDER  to file lawsuits and maybe win big bucks  .  
 Even your three-bedroom  ,   two-bath  ,   four semi-automatic families know how darned  HARD  it is to get instant service  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to do something you don ' t believe in .   '  '  
 I had a lot of fun on R&R and it was so  HARD  to come back here  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to believe that it happened .   '  '  
 The engines do not produce smoke  ,   so it is  HARD  for the naked eye to spot the Eagle high in the sky  .  
 And at 6-foot-7 and 300 pounds  ,   that  ' s a  HARD  feeling to have  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  for me to sit and nod my head at repeated stories anymore .   '  '  
 `` She was just as agile and quick and it was even  HARD  to tell she had a limb missing  ,   "  said Willey  ,   who lives in Sacramento  .  
 `` But it makes it  HARDER  for Stanford in terms of public relations  .  
 Lawmakers told Clifford  ,   the ultimate Washington insider  ,   they found it  HARD  to believe he did n ' t know that the foreign-owned Bank of Credit and Commerce International had exercised illicit control over the big U . S .  bank he headed  .  
 Although it is  HARD  to say exactly how many people might do this  ,   the company -- World Odyssey of Los Altos -- is planning to build such a project here amid the deep canyons and steep red sandstone cliffs and spires of Zion National Park and at many other parks and monuments around the country  .  
 It  ' s kind of  HARD  to run when you  ' re constantly taking the ball out ( of bounds )  .   '  '  
 They are getting  HARDER  to find because of their popularity  .  
 `` But it  ' s  HARD  for me to take it from another person .   '  '  
 Westerners may have a  HARD  time differentiating authentic spiritual leaders from those prone to exploitation  ,   he says  ,   because we have a different way of judging things -- a way of judgment based on materialism  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to do a trick like this  ,   this far out  ,   "  Bagian said  .  
 With more single-parent households and more mothers in two-parent families who work outside the home nowadays  ,   it  ' s  HARDER  for parents to squeeze in time to meet with teachers  ,   Mineta added  .  
 Bias is  HARD  to overcome  .  
 WITH more BMWs and Mercedeses per square inch than any place this side of Munich  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to believe that Saratoga was once a rootin  '  tootin  '  lumber town where  ,   as one newspaper observed  ,   `` There were seven saloons in the village and to be  ' a drunk from Saratoga  '  was the last word in drunkenness .   '  '  
 `` People are finally really talking about this stuff and that  ' s great  ,   but it is still  HARD  to explain to some men why these things are offensive  ,   "  said Seavello  ,   the third-year Stanford medical student  .  
 A decision in favor of the landowners would make it  HARDER  for governments to enact and enforce laws to protect the environment  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to underestimate the importance of this paper  ,   "  said Dr .  David Williamson of the Centers for Disease Control  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to tell  ,   "  Ross said  .  
 I  ' ve never been good with brevity  ,   / so I  ' ll add just a little Levity .  / More verse I guess I must recite ;  / there are some things which are  HARD  to right / So please forgive me if I go on in this fashion / on this issue a few of you might tend towards passi( o ) n  '   .   .   .  / You know if you keep going on this way  ,   / for a poetic license  ,   one will have to pay  !  
 Inflation  ,    HARD  to estimate because many prices are controlled  ,   has been from 30 to 60 percent a year in many key commodities  ,   says Ilya Prizel  ,   an associate professor at Johns Hopkins School for Advanced International Studies  .  
 `` It was  HARD  to figure out what they were up to .   '  '  
 LEFT-HANDER Steve Whitaker made his long-awaited professional baseball debut Friday night  ,   but it was  HARD  to tell who was more anxious at game time -- Whitaker or his pitching coach  ,   Gary Lucas  .  
 The last few  ,   he said  ,   have been  HARD  because more and more men seem to be arriving daily  .  
 Hackett  ,   making his first start since he turned aside 48 of 52 shots in a 4-3 loss in last Friday  ' s season opener in Vancouver  ,   said he had a  HARD  time getting into the flow of the game because of the long layoff  .  
 In dual meets  ,   we were  HARD  to beat .   '  '  
 Both sides agree that it  ' s  HARD  to make a living on $5 to $6 an hour  .  
 Still  ,   the simple fact that a blind man could compose the soundtrack to a film he can ' t see is a wonder that makes this album  HARD  to dismiss  .  
 `` As angry as the business community may be  ,   until this industry begins making profits in line with other industries it  ' s  HARD  to make a case  '  '  for lower fares  .  
 `` Seeing it on television  ,   seeing exactly what women go through and then seeing the verdict is sending a clear message :  It is very  ,   very  HARD  and you  ' re not going to get anything out of it  ,   "  said Melanie Boyd of San Francisco Women Against Rape  .  
 THERE are so many excellent Australian plants it is  HARD  to choose among them  .  
 All three are among the growing number who have fallen on times so  HARD  they have had to ask for help to feed and house their families  .  
 WITH one stroke of his veto pen  ,   Gov .  Pete Wilson has made it  HARDER  for immigrants to learn English and become more productive Californians  .  
 Although Cupertino  ' s supposed affluence makes that figure  HARD  to believe  ,   many people in the city are facing such onerous housing costs that they run out of money for food  ,   said Norling  .  
  HARD  as this is on the soul of the artist  ,  it does  ,  however  ,  halt the viewer ' s frantic search for familiar themes and objects  .  
 It is  HARD  to say it now  ,   but that  ' s how it was .   '  '  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  for people to concentrate .   '  '  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to win  ,   "  he declared  ,   `` when you can ' t get an inch on fourth-and-inches .   '  '  
 The  HARDEST  preparation I  ' ve ever done was for Number One  ,   also called Pro  ,   about a football player  ,   in 1968  .  
 If you try to unite communities of interest around the downtown  ,   it  ' s  HARD  not to end up with a majority Hispanic district  .  
 And even if they did n ' t  ,   `` It  ' s  HARD  to make a legal case if everyone signs the proper forms  ,   "  says Soocher  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to believe that I had 11 tryouts with eight teams before landing a job with Kansas City  ,   "  Lowery said  .  
 Piniella never thought repeating could be so  HARD   .  
 `` It  ' s incredibly  HARD  if the woman is a higher achiever and making maybe more than the man .   '  '  
 There was a sense of isolation  ,   of not fitting in  ,   that was  HARD  to overcome  ,   she said  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to continue the momentum  .  
 `` I think it will be lot  HARDER  to get physicians to sign up for the reserves or stay in the reserves  .  
 It  ' s not  HARD  to figure where Cash gets her perspective  .  
 `` It  ' s not the same team I faced last year or the year before  ,   so it  ' s really  HARD  to explain  ,   "  said Hawkins  ,   obviously not wanting to analyze this thing to death  .  
 `` You have to wait a long time for your next game  ,   and it  ' s  HARD  to stay sharp .   '  '  
 That  ' s a beautiful quality and it  ' s  HARD  to find :  a man committed to marriage  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  now  ,   in hindsight  ,   to say that this guy would ever have responded to rational pressure like sanctions  ,   "  says Democratic adviser Michael McCurry  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to define what it  ' s doing for me because I eat well  ,   get enough sleep and exercise the best I can .   '  '  
 She has a  HARD  time getting around but has help at home  .  
 The Humvee climbs a 60-degree grade  ,   is  HARD  to flip and runs in ice  ,   mud  ,   snow and  ,   of course  ,   sand  .  
 The standard gas plasma screen was replaced by an electroluminescent display ;  the gas plasma screen was easy to read but overheated quickly  ,   and astronauts rejected the replacement liquid crystal display as  HARD  to read  .  
 To complicate matters  ,   readers had a  HARD  time finding Alpine Lace Lean N  '  Free  .  
 Using statistical evidence and interviews  ,   Gordon makes a good case for how  HARD  it is to care  .  
 Allegations that the proposed Edenvale amendment represents the most significant change in land use policy in San Jose in 20 years are  HARD  to fathom  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  for a parent to think about a child being put in that situation  ,   "  he says  .  
 On Wednesday night  ,   a new group of opponents emerged to argue that the center should not be named after McEnery because no one would recognize it and the convention center would therefore be  HARDER  to market  .  
 As I started the long descent  ,   which was  HARDER  than the ascent  ,   someone told me the oldest person to reach the summit was 74 years old  .  
 If you have n ' t seen Dame Edna  ,   it  ' s kind of  HARD  to describe her  .  
 `` In the entire downtown area  ,   we don ' t get any aluminum cans and it  ' s  HARD  to believe that nobody in that area recycles any cans at all  ,   "  said Janet Foreman  ,   recycling coordinator  .  
It is  HARD  to see how the situation could be otherwise .  
 It  ' s very  HARD  to reconcile the two but the Crusaders  ,   who were once the Jazz Crusaders  ,   were also once a fairly formidable band  .  
 As a sluggish  ,   uneven recovery begins in the U . S .  economy  ,   Wall Street analysts say its benefits are especially  HARD  to see in service businesses  .  
 `` There  ' s been numerous thefts of ostriches and emus all over Texas and Georgia  ,   and they  ' re extremely  HARD  to trace  ,   "  said Malcom Wilkes  ,   a Milam County Sheriff  ' s Department investigator  .  
 He conceded that any Democrat will have a  HARD  time beating Bush  .  
 It is  HARD  to argue for peace from a sealed room  .  
 And as a man gets older  ,   boxers find it  HARDER  to keep in training  .  
 Yet people in the surrounding neighborhoods have strong emotional ties to each campus -- and each campus can be expected to draw vociferous support in a series of public hearings that start Monday and are to culminate on Feb .  28 with  HARD  decisions by the school board  .  
 Finding a new job is  HARD   ,   but more people are planting roots in fields where they lack experience  .  
 What is  HARD  is finding a shortstop or catcher for less than five bucks who wo n ' t hurt you .   '  '  
 Although he acknowledged that conclusive evidence of discrimination is  HARD  to find  ,   Lantos said the anecdotes formed a `` distressing pattern  '  '  unique to Japanese companies  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to believe that this compromise will be any more durable than the others proposed since the foundation began to pursue a plan to add 45  ,  000 square feet to its clinic and research facilities  .  
 That was  HARD  to get to  ,   "  says Ernie Piini of San Jose  ,   a retired electrical engineer who has seen 11 eclipses in the past 20 years  .  
 Not ecstatically  ,   but with the justified satisfaction of someone who has achieved within 100 years more than his forebears dreamed of ;  with the self-confidence of someone who firmly believed  ,   even in times when it was very  HARD  indeed to believe  ,   that the day would come when the whole world -- including our enemies -- would accept the reality of Israel  .  
 Most are easy to grow  ,  but the task of transplanting the desired native tree from the woods to your lawn can be a  HARD  one  .  
 Land and labor costs add up quickly  ,   and  ,   in the event of failure  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to convert the buildings into other uses  ,   Eisenzimmer said  .  
 In the last two years  ,   times have been  HARD  ;  everyone is on a downswing  .  
 `` Mentally he  ' s fine  ,   confident  ,   playing great  ,   and it  ' s  HARD  to do  ,   but I think it  ' s good for him  ,   "  La Russa said  .  
 What is much  HARDER  to replicate and even more crucial is the underlying process technology required to make and constantly improve new generations of products  .  
 Mr Kennedy  ,  however  ,  takes office at a time when problems are more subtle and the answers are  HARDER  to find  .  
 Tilbury said he has heard of some victims bidding on homes  ,   but that has been primarily in the hills for  HARD  to-find  three- and four-bedroom houses  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to say whether there are more women being abused or whether there  ' s just a lot more awareness and women know that we  ' re here  ,   "  Lee-Siegmann said  .  
 A few specialty stores ( such as Tex  ' s Toys in Mountain View )  carried Moon Shoes  ,   but they are  HARD  to find  .  
 `` I was completely fooled  ,   "  Pat admits  ,   not easy for a guy who  ' s been  HARD  to fool for 62 years  .  
 Seven out of 10 municipalities predicted that it would be  HARDER  for them to meet their financial needs than it was last year  .  
 So fewer  ,   more inadequately prepared players are being asked to do a job that is  HARDER  to do than before  .  
 `` He is the  HARDEST  person in the league to guard  ,   "  Oliver said  .  
 She dresses nicely  ,   too -- heels and jewely in the middle of the day at home  ,   June Cleaver-style  ,   which makes it all the  HARDER  to picture her rooting through the dumpsters behind K mart  .  
 `` It  ' s a gray area and it  ' s  HARD  to define  .  
 After 17 months as a hostage  ,   David Jacobsen said the  HARDEST  thing to do was allow himself to be emotional again -- particularly with people he loves  .  
 There  ' s a fine line between stimulating sales with new products and alienating customers by putting out too much product  ,   as companies such as Atari discovered the  HARD  way  .  
 Times may be  HARD  but dreams live on in the minds of the faithful -- faithful lotto players  ,   that is  .  
 Caffe Verona is a  HARD  place to pigeonhole  ,   but don ' t let that put you off  .  
 It is  HARD  and painful to believe  ,   but perhaps he really thinks so  .  
 Also  ,   fax modem software is almost always  HARDER  to learn to use than a fax machine is  .  
 Of course  ,   presidents sometimes learn the  HARD  way that delegating can be dangerous  .  
 `` We have professional people on our staff to analyze the bids  ,   and we  ' ve been asked by the mayor to do that  ,   "  he said  ,   adding that legally liability is  HARD  to prove  .  
 It would be  HARD  to conceive of three more different presences  .  
 `` Is it going to be  HARD  for me  ?    '  '  
 President Mikhail Gorbachev has warned of a  HARD  winter and urged the West to contribute food as his country makes the painful move from a centralized economy to a market system  .  
But the secret itself was just as  HARD  .  
 the Shamir ' s daily life writes the Decalogue  ,  which is written on two plates  ,  the  HARD  facts of life  ,  and all facts are `` one  '  '   .  
 Injuries aside  ,   it  ' s  HARD  at times for smaller schools to field teams in all the sports they  ' d like to offer  .  
 `` The thing about Bill even then  ,   "  Marchibroda recalled Wednesday of their time together in Baltimore  ,   `` is that when you gave him some work  ,   he never asked how  HARD  is it or how long will it take  .  
 And because the Maine Republican just spent six years on the panel that oversees the CIA and other aspects of American spycraft  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to decide where fact ends and fiction begins  .  
 Still  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to overlook nutrition  .  
 From the South Bay  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to know what to wear for a jaunt to the Northeast Corridor  .  
  ' People don ' t realize how  HARD  it was for me to miss Wimbledon  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to see how you effectively carry them out if you don ' t have a government you can work with .   '  '  
 Sometimes the Kremlin revolution was  HARDER  to follow than an old `` Twin Peaks  '  '  show  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  going back to a place you called home that  ' s a home no longer -- a place where you laid down roots .   '  '  
 SOUND BITE :  Bo Jackson still walks with crutches and laments about excruciating slowness of his recovery from a hip injury :  ;  `` Mentally  ,   it  ' s  HARD  because I ' m not able to run yet  ,   "  he says  .  
 Some may be  HARD  to latch or unlatch  ,   the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration said  .  
 `` Honestly  ,   It  ' s  HARD  to keep track of all the litigation that  ' s going on  ,   "  said Drew Peck  ,   who follows both companies for the securities firm Donaldson  ,   Lufkin & Jenrette  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to see how  .  
 `` It  ' s very  HARD  for me to get anything done in the building  ,   "  said DeMarcus  ,   who has spent $310 alone on lunches with one staff person  ,   Marianne Payne  ,   since January 1990  .  
 These are much  HARDER  to get -- just about impossible  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to believe at first  ,   but there really are drawbacks to becoming well-known  .  
 The 16 years since he met Landy have been the musician  ' s  HARDEST   ,   with Wilson positioned as a pawn in a battle for control between Landy -- who has termed himself Brian  ' s `` good father  '  '  -- and the Beach Boys camp  ,   which is asking the courts to appoint a legal conservator  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to believe that the president is going to have to make a decision on what kinds of export conditions are going be placed on cheap work stations  ,   but it looks like this is going to happen  ,   "  said Roszel Thomsen II  ,   a Washington lawyer who represents work station makers  .  
 The Giants ended Shawon Dunston  ' s 14-game hitting streak Thursday  ,   but pitchers may find it  HARD  to stop his salary drive  .  
 I am always amazed that people are amazed that I actually cook from Gourmet -- the common assumption is that it is too  HARD  and time-consuming  .  
 Robert Reitherman  ,   a Half Moon Bay-based consultant who recently completed a study of a 1972 state law that effectively prohibits building within 50 feet of an active fault  ,   said the new law would be much  HARDER  to implement because there  ' s less agreement among scientists about which areas are subject to severe ground motion  ,   liquefaction or landslides than about the location of faults  .  
 `` It  ' s art and it  ' s  HARD  to understand  ,   "  Oneal said  .  
 But with so many others offering similar appeal to viewers  ,   it is  HARD  to see how `` Eddie Dodd  '  '  can win the final verdict of Judge Nielsen  .  
 While some men may find her  HARD  to take  ,   her venom is rarely directed at them  .  
 `` It is  HARD  to excuse his blindly fatalistic view  '  '  that the U . S .  and the USSR would forever be mortal enemies locked in global struggle  ,   Bradley said  ,   citing Gates  '  speeches and classified analyses  .  
 Plus  ,   it  ' d be  HARD  for the general to grant interviews from Washington  ,   since he  ' s still on duty in the Persian Gulf  .  
 But on the whole it is  HARD  to imagine disasters in which the victims ought to be better prepared financially to take care of themselves  .  
 Since we know what  ' s coming  ,   however  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to focus much on this prelude  .  
 But most researchers agree that the small  ,   year-to-year fluctuations linked to human activities would be  HARD  to spot  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to tell  ,   "  Hargrove said  .  
 Yes  ,   one ( a boy )  did give me a  HARD  time  ,   in that he demanded to know what rain was when I forbade him to go outside  .  
 There  ' s another slice of reality as well  ,   one that  ' s  HARDER  to cover up because the casualties are right here at home  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  when you practice running forward for a year and then start running backward again  .  
 `` The No .  1 thing ( prospective contestants )  say when they come here is  ,    ' I can ' t believe how  HARD  this test is   ,    '   "  says Harv Selsby  ,   Wheel contestant coordinator  .  
 So funny  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to believe creators Jay Warde and Bill Scott  ,   both of whom died in the  ' 80s  ,   did original episodes for only three seasons  ,   two on ABC and one on NBC  ,   in the late  ' 50s and early  ' 60s  .  
 Three-year-old chip maker Cyrix Corp .  is learning  HARD  lessons at a very young age  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to know what you  ' re up against without going in there  .  
 It  ' s just too  HARD  to do  .  
 You build a list  ,   complete with clues and phonetic misspellings of words :  If your child has trouble spelling `` difficult  ,   "  give him a clue such as ``  HARD   '  '  and misspell the word as `` dificult .   '  '  
 It is  HARD  to imagine a better bargain in software  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  these days to pick a good day for an A  ' s pitcher to struggle  ,   but Sunday might have been the worst day for Ron Darling to lose his first game in an A  ' s uniform  .  
 A congressional aide said the North Koreans want a congressional delegation to receive the remains  ,   as in an earlier exchange  ,   but said such a high-ranking group would be  HARD  to convene each time remains are turned over  .  
 What measurable help the articles offer owners is  HARD  to discern -- unless you have no desire to spend time compiling names and ranking players  .  
 `` Maybe the federal equivalent of selling your boat is to make some very  HARD  and sometimes painful decisions  ,   reducing some of things that are nice to have but ( you )  don ' t need to have .   '  '  
 So I decided to stick to my own thing  ,   but it  ' s  HARD  to do my thing there .  L . A .  women are very closeted because of the industry ( pressure )   .  
 A few of the controls are on the dashboard to the left of the steering wheel  ,   which puts them out of sight and makes them  HARD  to operate while driving  .  
 `` It is extremely  HARD  for any athlete to be injured  ,   "  says Brick  .  
 `` It  ' s very  HARD  for us to vote on this law  .  
``Lillian ' s bread is so good and everything tastes so much better here that it is  HARD  not to eat too much '  '  ,  said the secretary ruefully eyeing her extra pounds .  
 There have been no reported defaults involving the paper held by the tax-free funds in their 10 year-plus history  ,   but it is  HARDER  to evaluate credit quality for tax-free funds than for taxable funds  ,   says Russell E .  Long  ,   assistant vice president for Standard &amp; Poor  ' s mutual fund group in New York  .  
 `` It will not be 54-0  ,   but it will be a  HARD  game for them  ,   "  Lentz said  .  
 If the funds rate is going to go all over the place  ,   it makes the job of telling much  HARDER  .   '  '  
 They may have stolen the items for a buyer who reneged on paying or may have decided the items would be too  HARD  to sell  ,   police said  .  
 it has been a  HARD  road back but now  ,  with plenty of political ammunition given him by the government in recent sessions  ,  he is leading the opposition with skill and assurance and is a match for the Prime Minister across the floor  .  
 `` It  ' s a little bit  HARDER  than it has been before  ,   ( but )  as long as there is a strategic aspect to it  ,   ( alliances )  are moving along as they have been in the past  ,   "  said Sanford Robertson  ,   founding partner of Robertson  ,   Stephens & Co .   ,   a San Francisco investment banking firm  .  
 Times being  HARD   ,   and distance and expense outweighing fond sentiment  ,   the regrets are 100 percent  .  
 Yes  ,   today  ' s a sad day and the days ahead will be  HARDER  days  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to believe that neither Matt nor Furry would realize that flying missions against the Arabs in a U . S . -marked F-15  ,   while the United States is studiously neutral  ,   might have a disastrous effect on national policy  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to say  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to believe you could n ' t make some effort to consolidate them and not save money  ,   "  says Brownstein  .  
 This makes life  HARD  both for Japan  ' s high-paying consumers and foreign companies that face steep costs and other obstacles in breaking into the market  .  
 In this rural community of 6  ,  200 people  ,   Imperial Food Products was the biggest employer  ,   and the 225 jobs it provided  ,   mostly in the $5- to $5 . 50-an-hour range  ,   are  HARD  to come by  .  
 It is  HARD  to see how trade pressure on one product could be interpreted in China as a protest against non-trade related human rights abuses  .  
 The difference is  ,   if they can call you a Nazi and make it stick -- tough  ,   really  HARD   .  
 SOMETIMES the  HARDEST  thing in the world to do is  .   .   .  huh  ?  
 We made some  HARD  choices  .  
 The days of Bull Connor seem so remote now that it  ' s  HARD  ( even for a son of the South who began covering sit-ins in the summer of 1960 )  to recall the climate of official and unofficial menace that King and his comrades and followers had to overcome  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  being a child star and having to grow up  ,   but she and I understand each other and all about it .   '  '  
 Since January  ,   however  ,   it has gotten  HARDER  to live the homeless life here  .  
 But it is  HARD  to deny that something is going on  .  
 It  ' s something to hear it on TV  ,   but it  ' s  HARD  to cope with when you come into school and see that empty seat  .  
 Saddam is  HARD  to remove in part because he and his followers came to power through a military coup and are determined to keep others from following the same blueprint  .  
 While employers are rewarding the service of Persian Gulf veterans  ,   they might also remember the longer  ,    HARDER   ,   lonelier service of Vietnam veterans  .  
 Another user demand that  ' s likely to outpace technology is for better handwriting recognition  ,   one of the  HARDEST  problems in pen computing  .  
 But  ,   second-guessing anyway  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to fathom why Harris  '  band  ,   the Nash Ramblers  ,   was n ' t given more visibility in ads  .  
 This is  HARDER  to prove  ,   because the film houses still make money on the popcorn  .  
 Furtney said he found it  HARD  to believe that SP could be accused of being uncooperative in the  ' 76 spill  .  
 It is  HARD  to gauge City Channel  ' s impact has because no audience ratings for the cable station are available  .  
 He  ' s received tons of publicity for his achievement  ,   and it  ' s  HARD  to miss the Mac format of his paper  .  
 Written by University of North Carolina housing professor Michael Stegman  ,   the 144-page treatise concludes that `` privatizing public housing is not necessarily a bad idea  ,   but it is very costly  ,   very  HARD  to do right and has very limited application .   '  '  
 It  ' s going to be  HARD  raising a daughter on my own  ,   "  the woman said  .  
 Driving through the hills of Oakland -- or Saratoga  ,   Los Altos  ,   Los Gatos -- in these years of drought  ,   it was  HARD  to resist a fleeting thought :  ;  My God  ,   what on earth would happen if a spark got loose on this land  ?  
 Democrats conceded in advance that the bitter fight over Thomas would make it particularly  HARD  for them to get the 10 GOP votes they would have needed to prevail  .  
 `` It would be real  HARD  to write a job description for special assistant to the president and general manager  ,   which is Willie  ' s formal title  ,   "  says the Giants  '  Duffy Jennings  .  
 The final step of her quest to become a triathlete was the  HARDEST   .  
 It  ' s  HARDER  to extend your body when sliding feet first  .  
 The psychological implications here are even  HARDER  to visualize than small type  .  
 This is the toughest lie to rebut  ,   when one is out there on the cutting edge  ,   all alone with a story we all found  HARD  to believe  .  
 `` My wife complains I should be out making money  ,   but this has become such an infatuating thing  ,   it  ' s  HARD  not to do it all the time  ,   "  said Paul Dupont  ,   48  .  
 It is  HARD  to get agitated about extravagant parades during a week when Henry Kissinger plays guest weatherman on the CBS morning show  .  
 And because of the church  ' s architecture and location  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to imagine a building in San Jose that  ' s more important to preserve  .  
 I felt -- I just -- it was just -- I mean  ,   it  ' s  HARD  for me to describe  .  
 It was  HARD  to find a Jewish heroine -- `` a positive  ,   well-balanced  ,   successful  ,   admirable Jewish woman .   '  '  
 Most Hindus prefer the time-honored cremation by wood fire  ,   although some find it  HARD  to witness  .  
 Little people  ,   however  ,   -- like Kyle  ,   10  ,   and Daria  ,   3 1/2 -- are much  HARDER  to put aside  .  
 `` It  ' s just  HARD  to know what state Larry will be in when he does come back  ,   if there is any brain damage  '  '  Day said  .  
 Controversial legislation aimed at making it  HARDER  for manufacturers to control the sales and servicing policies of discount retailers cleared a major hurdle Wednesday when the Senate voted 63-35 to cut off debate and bring the measure to a vote later this week  .  
 It  ' s  HARDER  for minority non-profit groups to say no when other donors stay away  .  
 Farmers  ,   who depend on bees to pollinate crops  ,   and beekeepers fear the Africanized bees  '  economic damage even more than their stings because they are  HARD  to manage and devote much of their energy to swarming and creating new colonies  .  
 Chips  HARD  to trace ;  Detectives complain on one hand that there are no markings on the small chips that can be used to effectively trace their origin ;  and on the other  ,   that the chips can wind up anywhere in the world within hours  .  
 School nutritionists say the SHAPE program and individual schools face many obstacles that make serving a healthy lunch  HARDER  than it looks  ,   among them :  ;  ( box )  A fast-food generation of children so susceptible to advertising that they wo n ' t eat food that does n ' t look as though it came from McDonald  ' s  .  
 The manufacturer warns you about this  ,   but it  ' s  HARD  to compensate  .  
 `` This action will put more American grain and other food into the pipeline now  ,   so that it will arrive at its destination in time to be of assistance during the  HARD  winter facing the Soviet people  ,   "  Bush said in a statement  .  
 One of the  HARDEST  things he  ' s faced is losing some of his friends  .  
 We ambitious  ,   discontented girls of 30 years ago had a  HARD  time imagining how to imagine ourselves  .  
 Vote :  5-4 ;  CRIMINAL :  Made it  HARDER  for n n n y y y y y y ;  defendants to make second federal ;  appeals  .  
 BOMBARDED by bad news  ,   disturbed by threats of terrorism  ,   confounded by an economy that has skidded into recession and angered by elected officials who posture and pontificate rather than step up to the  HARD  questions of deficits  ,   ethics and accountability -- people are upset  .  
 But the inevitability of cheaper technology and competition have made it  HARDER  to be envious of laser printer owners  .  
 Then the Senate passed a budget resolution with a provision that would make it still  HARDER  to raise taxes to pay for extensions  ,   and no one challenged that clause  .  
 `` I had a  HARD  time adjusting to being a bench player  ,   "  Herr acknowledged  .  
It wasn ' t  HARD  to understand .  
 The draft did n ' t seem particularly encouraging -- I grade it a B-  ,   at best -- and the  HARDEST  thing to overcome in the NFL is a succession of weak drafts  .  
 In either direction  ,   the wild  ,   wind-swept scenery is so mesmerizing that it can be  HARD  to keep your eyes on the narrow road  .  
 But while campus administrators worry over spech codes that place a civil framework around debate  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to find the debate  .  
 Despite this  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to imagine these tapes will cause more than a ripple with anyone other than die-HARD fans  .  
 Of all these uncertainties  ,   the most serious and the  HARDEST  to fathom  ,   in Greenspan  ' s view  ,   is the continued failure of banks to make loans to creditworthy customers  .  
 We have a four-year deficit to make up and that  ' s  HARD  to do with one good March  .  # 
 `` This recession has been especially difficult for media companies and particularly  HARD  on the second newspaper company in a market  ,   "  Buzzetta said  .  
 But such reforms are highly unlikely to pass  ,   which shows  ,   for all of Wilson  ' s apparent boldness  ,   how  HARD  it is to go back to the simple  ,   accountable form of government once considered commonplace  .  
 But it is generally agreed that bakers will have a  HARDER  time finding new jobs in their field  ,   and  ,   if they do  ,   the closest major bakery is at least 35 miles away  .  
 But it  ' s  HARD  to tell whether his fellow senators are applauding his gifts as an orator or his mastery over the pork barrel  .  
 That could be easy to do in the 40-member Senate  ,   where the 26 Democrats and one independent hold two-thirds of the votes  ,   but much  HARDER  in the 80-member Assembly  ,   where the 47 Democrats are seven votes short of a two-thirds margin  .  
 `` But it will be  HARDER  for us to do that .   '  '  
 And in the end  ,   it is  HARD  to read this book without anger  .  
 It  ' s  HARDER  to write about Peter Jennings and Tom Brokaw  .  
 `` The first semester was  HARD   ,   but I really tried  .  
 The coach said he  ' d never done anything  HARDER  than what he was about to do  .  
 Arresting people might have been especially  HARD  to do in the Oakland fire  ,   considering some authorities actually welcomed some people who ignored the evacuation order  .  
 Furthermore  ,   the White House bill would have offered states 3-for-1 funding for major highways but only 2-for-1 for public transit  ,   making highways  HARD  for cash-starved states to turn down  .  
 Marc Girardelli  ,   a favorite along with Tomba  ,   fell on the first run  ,   the victim of a  HARD  and unusually slick course  .  
 If someone with a good imagination tried  HARD   ,   he could have seen downtown San Jose  ' s Park Avenue and Almaden Boulevard as 50 driveway courts Sunday  .  
 Worship leaders are finding it increasingly  HARD  to wring money from church budgets for serious music  ,   because pastors and other members of the hierarchy are unsympathetic  ,   Messerli said  .  
 Times are  HARD  in the advertising business  .  
 It is  HARD  to imagine a loss so total that the discovery of a mailbox  ,   a broken teacup  ,   a tomato plant sends tears of joy streaming down the face  .  
The President had set for himself the task ,  which he believed vital ,  of awakening the U .  S .  and its allies to the  HARD  and complex effort necessary to shift that balance .  
 Well dug-in infantry are  HARD  to destroy by aerial bombardment  .  
 Like other average families  ,   we have a  HARD  time putting away a few dollars every month for our children  ' s college education  .  
 these requirements call for almost superhuman self-restraint and magnanimity on both sides  ,  and that will be  HARD  to achieve if the physical segregation of the two races continues  .  
 `` It seems to me we  ' ve done the  HARDEST  part  ,   "  said Assemblywoman Delaine Eastin  ,   D-Union City  .  
 After all  ,   if existing downtown businesses fail  ,   they may be  HARD  to replace :  Witness the Pavilion  ' s problem renting space  .  
 But while they are  HARD  to spot  ,   the Chinese pants don ' t last long  .  
 `` It  ' s really  HARD  to see anything much below 9 percent  .  
 Finding room for more kids is  HARD  enough  ,   but the location of this far-flung development adds costs  .  
 `` Once a kid is too far gone  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to put them back on the right track  ,   "  Lindsay said  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to break this to you  ,   guys  ,   but volume control does not sound like it  ' s your only problem  .  
 We just tried to make things  HARD   ,   "  said Humphries  .  
 Phat Nguyen  ,   a Vietnamese field representative for Heritage Cablevision  ,   learned this the  HARD  way when he began tracking down local relatives of the refugees Tran had taped in the Philippines  .  
 `` It will be  HARDER  this semester but it will also allow us to see the immediacy of the issue .   '  '  
But men willing to sail at all into waters where wooden ships could be crushed like eggs were  HARD  to find .  
 `` The farther we move  ,   the  HARDER  the fight willbecome  ,   "  predicted Lt .  Gen .  Walter Boomer  ,   commander of the more than 30  ,  000 U . S .  Marines who poured into Kuwait on Sunday  .  
 I had a  HARD  time accepting that in my kids  .  
 For me or any woman listening  ,   it can be very  HARD  sometimes .   '  '  
 Nelson attempted to soften his remarks Wednesday  ,   saying  ,   `` Pete played only two minutes  ,   so it was  HARD  for him to look good  ,   but  ,   of course  ,   we lose the game if I don ' t get him out of there .   '  '  
 -- Mitch Richmond ;  `` This was the  HARDEST  trade I  ' ve ever made  .  
 Gorbachev is not the only Soviet official proving  HARD  to reach  .  
 `` You  ' re going to have to learn the  HARD  way  '  '  was something else my parents told me  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to remember a time of so much confusion on the state of the economy and the financial markets  .  
 Good numbers of steelhead are holding  ,   but they are extremely  HARD  to catch  .  
 Air Force specifications called for the new plane to have about double the range of the F-15 fighter  ,   which it replaces  ,   and be more maneuverable and  HARDER  for enemy radar to detect  .  
 He  ' s found it  HARD  to be both a mother and a father to his highway  .  
 Brett Butler cautions that there are nearly 100 games remaining  ,   but it is  HARD  for him to ignore the fact  .  
 The  HARD  part is finding out who did it .   '  '  
 ( hbox )  ;  If fresh fish is  HARD  to find  ,   frozen fish of good quality is tasty prepared this way  .  
 San Francisco  ,   like other cities  ,   has had to install bus-stop seats that have been engineered so that they are  HARD  to sleep on  .  
 Whoever is taking the plants -- and wherever they end up -- the bottom line is that it  ' s very  HARD  for homeowners and others to protect their plants from snatchers  .  
 It is a book that tries very  HARD  to stay grounded in numbers  ,   a sensible book whose goal is to tell us when we  ' re being silly  .  
 `` They say the world out there is  HARD   ,   "  said Sen .  Jay Rockefeller  ,   D-W . Va .   ,   chairman of the National Commission on Children  .  
 Detmer hedged when asked to critique his performance -- `` It  ' s  HARD  to rate on a personal basis when you have 10 other guys out there  ,   "  he said -- but was happy that the Cougars opened against the No .  1 team  .  
 I maintain if people don ' t have the means to support whatever children they have  ,   having another will only make things  HARDER   .  
 It is  HARD  to imagine how to patch holes when they run through the foundations of your life  .  
 `` Even if George Bush would like to play it both ways  ,   he  ' s going to find it much  HARDER  to get away with  ,   "  said Wendy Sherman  ,   executive director of Emily  ' s List  ,   a fund-raising group for Democratic women who support abortion rights  .  
People are giving their doctors a  HARD  time .  
 The reason presidents avoid the subject is obvious  ,   according to Amy Davis  ,   an economic historian at Purdue University :  `` Once you predict a recession it is not  HARD  for it to become a self-fulfilling prophecy .   '  '  
 `` It  ' s  HARDER  to turn negative perceptions into positive than the other way around .   '  '  
There I got off ,  crossed the square ,  and on the side directly opposite the gate found a good restaurant ,   HARD  to come by in this part of the city .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to be there and not play  .  
 Some lawyers said the Wilson proposal would make it  HARDER  for women to get jobs  .  
 Figures were  HARD  to come by  ,   said one of the report  ' s three authors  ,   William Arkin  .  
 It is very  HARD  to pick up these little pieces of candy without smearing the furniture  .  
 `` Unless he has had a change in his thinking about forestry  ,   "  Young said  ,   `` we  ' re having a  HARD  time thinking we will go to the table  .  
 The plan  ,   filed Wednesday with the federal Bankruptcy Court in New York  ,   would force the maker of steel and aerospace equipment to auction part of its operations just as buyers may be  HARD  to find  .  
 There  ' s so much going on backstage it  ' s  HARD  to tell  .  
 With the constant shifting on the 49ers  '  offensive line  ,   it was  HARD  to know what to expect  .  
 But I thought you said property trades are a good way for an owner to get rid of  HARD  to-sell  income property  .  
 Yet despite the deadly pounding his former countrymen are taking now  ,   Khazzoom finds it  HARD  to muster much sympathy for them or Iraq  .  
 Although American troops -- men and women -- were deployed to the Persian Gulf in August  ,   essentials still were  HARD  to come by as late as January  .  
 it was  HARD  to figure her  .  
 To be fair  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to describe any TV game show on paper  ,   no matter how clever and diverting it may be  ,   and not make it sound idiotic  .  
 Actually it has been out for a few months  ,   but I did n ' t look at it right away because of how little I like WordPerfect on the PC ( it  ' s powerful but  HARD  to use )  and because of the bad memories of WordPerfect 1 . 0 for the Mac  .  
 Even the Kennedy clan would have a  HARD  time keeping up with this type of disgraceful behavior  .  
 It is not just that in the middle of a revolution it is  HARD  to predict the future  .  
 I was going to say that sometimes the  HARDEST  thing in the world to do is get a good night  ' s sleep  .  
 `` The  HARDEST  thing about that is keeping my grades up .   '  '  
 On the tape  ,   most of the guests are off-camera and it is  HARD  to tell whether they fought back  .  
 They went to Nusseibeh  ,   41  ,   one of the West Bank  ' s senior  ,   most sophisticated political leaders  ,   to ask him some ``  HARD  questions  '  '  about his current political views  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to see one of the guys go  ,   "  he said  .  
 Now comes the  HARD  part :  comparison shopping among lenders to get the best loan  .  
 If loan covenants are bent or broken  ,   you may be in for a  HARD  time that gets progressively worse  .  
 Any deal could prove  HARD  to consummate because one member of the ethics panel -- Sen .  Jesse Helms  ,   R-N . C .  -- appears unlikely to go along  .  
 1987 Cabernet Sauvignon  ,   Columbia Valley :  Sweet cherry aroma ;  full-bodied  ,   lively  ,   soft  ,   without a  HARD  tannic edge ;  $14  .  
 What  ' s so  HARD  about writing 120 pages of mostly white space  ?  
 `` And  ,   if you can ' t get someone to complain  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to start any action against these kinds of bars  ,   "  he said  .  
 `` Good baby sitters are  HARD  to find  ,   are n ' t they  ?    '  '  
 With fresh  ,   quick-cooking pasta widely available  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to find many quicker dishes  .  
 Vincent said `` it  ' s  HARD  to convince people there are financial problems  ,   "  given the huge TV contracts baseball signed last year and the four-year  ,   $21 million contract that the Red Sox gave pitcher Roger Clemens last week  .  
 `` America has flung itself again into one of those spasms of passionate moral debate that nations more tolerant of human frailty find so  HARD  to understand  ,   "  the Sunday Times of London said Sunday in a report that carried the headline `` Talking Dirty .   '  '  
 His basic message :  Cracking is not as  HARD  as it seems to an outsider  ,   and it often goes undetected by legitimate users of `` cracked  '  '  computers  .  
 But it will also be a little  HARDER  because city and county officials opted not to build a bypass for express trains  .  
 But if the 49ers don ' t win their next two games  ,   against the Rams and Raiders  ,   you can bet it will be much  HARDER  to believe  .  
 Sometimes it  ' s  HARD  to fit the pieces of a soap-opera plot together  .  
 And economists suspect it will be  HARDER  than in previous recessions to get consumers back into stores and auto showrooms  .  
 Kellar said that the general public has a  HARD  time relating to football players  '  athletic gear  .  
 `` It is  HARD  to know whether he is accommodating the White House or if this is just the sensible thing to do  ,   "  says Allan Meltzer  ,   an economist at Carnegie-Mellon University in Pittsburgh and a longtime Fed-watcher  .  
 But attorneys warned that because antitrust violations are so  HARD  to prove  ,   the vast majority of these suits are won by the defendants  .  
 If you need to cash out before the maturity date  ,   they could be  HARD  to sell  ,   and you might lose money if you are forced to sell at the wrong time  .  
 A former player said  ,   `` It  ' s not  HARD  to switch  .  
 `` The  HARDEST  part about learning a language is expressing yourself in it  ,   "  Green said  .  
 The  HARDEST  thing for children ( and adults )  to get used to in this system is that it is not based on the usual 0-100 range  ,   as is the system of percent  ,   for example  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to compare the defenders  .  
 `` I just have a real  HARD  time with us telling everyone what to do to stay safe and how to do it  ,   "  she said  .  
 But an editor  ' s note said that in some places where many party members are religious believers `` it  ' s  HARD  to get  .   .   .  members together  .   .   .  ( for )  meetings .  
 `` If you  ' re not from a high income bracket  ,   it  ' s very  HARD   ,   "  said Lauvinia  ,   a nurse who works from midnight to 8 a . m .  at Kaiser Hospital in Hayward  ,   where her husband also works  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to take Dennis the Menace that seriously  .  
 `` It  ' s been real  HARD   ,   but you got to keep going  ,   "  Lopez said  .  
 `` Everybody recognizes it would be a lot  HARDER  to move while the diplomacy is going on  ,   "  an official remarked Thursday  .  
 But the native flame is  HARD  to snuff  .  
 `` Two- and three-year-olds are  HARDEST   ,   "  Hope says  .  
 It  ' s a little  HARD  to have a rivalry when the all-time series consists of one game played 39 years ago  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to believe Singleton is only pushing 24  .  
 In fact  ,   he will have a  HARD  time fulfilling any of his campaign goals as long as the rest of the council continues to strive for high-density housing along transportation corridors and a high-profile downtown  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to functionally understand that the principles of man-to-man work no matter what  .  
 Eagles redux ;  `` It  ' s  HARD  to deny people like the beat of just plain rock  ,   "  adds Olson  .  
 `` He had a very  HARD  time dealing with it  .  
 Those items are going to be  HARD  to find and they  ' re going to get expensive .   '  '  
 And it  ' s  HARD  to ignore the debt from the buyout  ,   a burden only made heavier by the nationwide real estate slump  .  
 Today was  HARD  to swallow  ,   "  Welch said  .  
 Saddam possibly could re-emerge as a regional power  ,   but surely it will be far  HARDER  for him to rearm than it was to arm  .  
 But suddenly  ,   which two has become a question he may find  HARD  to answer  .  
 His books  ,   which do not even explain how to win a war  ,   are  HARD  to find and even more difficult to read  .  
 The sophomore jinx ;  `` In a way the second movie is  HARDER  than the first because there is that pressure to do as well or to do better  ,   "  Haines says on a fast lunch break at the CBS-MTM studio  .  
 So it can be argued that it should n ' t be much  HARDER  for today  ' s player to deviate from the statistical norm as dramatically as DiMaggio or Williams did in  ' 41  .  
 Price fluctuations make it  HARD  to set it early  .  
 Lucille Ball found out the  HARD  way ;  likewise Mary Tyler Moore  ,   several times  .  
 Costas quickly apologized  ,   claiming the champagne in his eyes and Juanita  ' s white cap made it  HARD  to see in the locker room  .  
 `` It  ' s like reading a book ;  it  ' s  HARD  for me to relate  .  
 But the acceptance of farm-raised venison is  HARD  to gauge because of what some in the industry call the `` Bambi factor  ,   "  meaning the reluctance of some Americans to eat deer  ,   sometimes perceived  ,   not as a food source  ,   but as a cuddly woodsy creature  .  
 Browning-Ferris Industries  ,   which serves the areas  ,   has a variety of rates for those on fixed incomes and residents of  HARD  to-serve  areas  .  
 Sometimes the slight is so ambiguous or unintentional that it is  HARD  to confront  .  
 there were a few people in the bar  ,  elderly  ,  well-off  ,  artistic  ,  who  ,  you felt  ,  had made a  HARD  bargain for giving up  .  
 `` It  ' s awfully  HARD  to scrape dimes and quarters off the bottom  .  
 It  ' s not  HARD   ,   and it gets easier with a little practice  .  
 But Boroff said it would n ' t have been  HARD  to prove Pointer capable of child neglect  .  
 Regardless  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to believe the paintings would offend anyone  .  
 They just have a swinging lifestyle that makes it  HARD  for more than one youngster to hang on  .  
 THE DOORS :  This may be music to the ears of those of you like Genevieve Sheffer  ,   who wrote to say she has stopped going to the Fremont Main Library by herself because the front doors are too  HARD  to open  .  
These would be his  HARDEST  years ,  she knew ,  and he missed his father desperately .  
 Exact figures are  HARD  to come by  ,   but United Airlines estimates that this year it will carry more than 100  ,  000 unaccompanied minors  .  
 `` I ' m a Christian and a Catholic and I really believe that  ,   and it is required of me to forgive no matter how  HARD  that is  ,   and I am determined to do that .   '  '  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to believe it  ' s gone on so long  ,   "  said Monday  ,   29  ,   one of three Bay Area relatives of hostages taken in Beirut  .  
 Mark Foster  ,   a policy analyst for Consumer Action  ,   a San Francisco consumer advocacy group  ,   said the appointments will `` make our work that much  HARDER  .   '  '  
 Asked how many other officials of his rank  ,   at the peak of the Chinese political system  ,   still believe in Marxism  ,   he said :  `` It  ' s  HARD  to say  ,   but probably very few  .  
 Even on a small-scale Michelin map  ,   Marnoz is  HARD  to find  .  
 I trust him and am sure nothing sexual is going on but I do feel threatened by that woman and find their friendship  HARD  to accept  .  
 There is a shortage of child care in the state  ,   and low-income families would find it that much  HARDER  to find affordable care  .  
 `` We  ' ve always known some of the circles were hoaxes  ,   but I find it  HARD  to believe two men could have created hundreds of these circles  ,   which often appear on the same nights in widely different parts of the country .   '  '  
 Traffic engineers stress that the plan is only a list of options  ,   and that politicians will have to make the  HARD  choices  .  
She had a  HARD  time making him understand that it was Farouk she wished to meet .  
 Said Edberg :  `` Beating John on grass is always going to be  HARD   .  
 `` They  ' ve come up with so many big kicks it  ' s  HARD  to say a bad word about the field-goal unit .   '  '  
 I ' m sure it will be  HARD  for him to leave after 14 years at NBC  ,   but he ought to do it before it  ' s too late and the studios stop calling  .  
 One of the  HARDEST  elements for outsiders to understand is the relationship between Saddam and the people he rules  ,   analysts say  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to tell if a story happens in this odd little film  ,   but an office romance may be taking place :  `` Pssst  !  
 There are  HARD  questions raised by people of conscience :  ;  Was the conflict a war or a massacre  ?  
It is  HARD  not to lay most of the blame for their failures on the pope .  
 The central message is nicely summed up in a quote from poet e . e .  cummings :  `` To be nobody but yourself in a world which is doing its best  ,   night and day  ,   to make you into everybody else  ,   is to fight the  HARDEST  fight a man can fight  ,   and never stop fighting .   '  '  
 After a  HARD  day  ' s night in a British court  ,   Apple Computer Inc .  and Apple Corps decided to come together and settle a 2-year-old case pitting the computer giant against the Beatles  .  
 -- Gary L .  Bailey ;  Sunnyvale ;  OVERWORK PLAGUES THE SILICON VALLEY ;  The parallel to Silicon Valley executives is not  HARD  to follow in `` Japan fears epidemic of deaths from overwork  '  '  ( Mercury News  ,   June 2 )   ,   but is a word to the wise sufficient  ?  
 ( check )  `` Girls with babies don ' t tend to get much respect -- it  ' s  HARD  to date with a kid  ,   "  says Willeane Lockett who expects her second child in July  .  
 In the face of generally admiring-to-glowing reviews  ,   Iannone took on `` Middle Passage  '  '  and concluded that it was ``  HARD  to take ( Johnson  ' s )  prize-winning book seriously as literature .   '  '  
 Andy Mutch  ,   assistant curator of the U . S .  Golf Association Library  ,   says `` it is  HARD  to prove  ,   but it seems like a logical conclusion .   '  '  
 It is  HARD  to believe that wasted form with tubes and needles invading his body is the same man  .  
 The substance of a successful negotiation  ,   the give-and-take needed to make it work  ,   is still  HARD  to envisage  .  
 Pentagon spokesman Pete Williams said  ,   `` It  ' s very  HARD  to control the flow of cash once they start to sell oil .   '  '  
 A paraplegic park ranger and his climbing partner are finding their ascent of Yosemite  ' s Half Dome a little  HARDER  than they expected and will take an extra day to complete the climb  .  
 It  ' s still  HARD  to tell  .  
 Hammer said Asian power was  HARD  to achieve because Asian neighborhoods are generally more dispersed than Hispanic neighborhoods  .  
 The sweet smell of a free meal is  HARD  to ignore  .  
 Social services tend to be fragmented  ,   uncoordinated  ,    HARD  to access  ,   overlapping  ,   bureaucratic  .  
 There are Mikhail and Vladimir and Boris and all sorts of people with names we once considered  HARD  to pronounce  .  
 Problem  HARD  to curb ;  Q Your May 4 item pertaining to public streets and parking is of particular interest to me  .  
 Truth is  ,   it  ' s a lot  HARDER  than you think  .  
 `` I thought it was as  HARD  a trip as we  ' ve ever taken  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to make sleaze sound genuine  ,   but Korder does  .  
 That  ' s  HARD  to believe -- but never should have been an issue  .  
 This is  HARDER  work than covering with plastic  .  
 The many voices provide a `` you-are-there  '  '  effect that  ' s  HARD  to match with any structure  .  
 Soothing tunes ;  Besides  ,   if you don ' t believe they  ' re real  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to take the rest of the Turtle lore seriously  ,   or to believe that the Turtles have ditched their violent crime-fighting image in favor of more peaceful conflict resolution  .  
 Even if Kevin does play  ,   it  ' s going to be  HARD  for him to step back in and pick it up where he left off .   '  '  
 `` We could but it would be  HARD  .   '  '  
 Valuable land ;  `` It  ' s  HARD  to build a cost-efficient hotel that  ' s two stories  .   .   .  the land is worth a lot more  ,   "  he said  .  
 That can lead to an injury that sidelines someone for weeks  ,   even months  ,   and getting back in shape can be that much  HARDER   .  
 Well this would be 100 times  HARDER   ,   "  said the official  ,   who estimated the Army would have to send tens of thousands of soldiers into Baghdad  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to say what  ' s exactly behind all this  .  
 `` It makes it  HARDER  to move .   '  '  
 the  HARD  way of peace  .  
 In the dark  ,   or even at dusk  ,   it would be  HARD  to tell them apart  .  
 Some think it wo n ' t make much difference in their skiing  ,   while others fear that it will make the skis  HARD  to control  .  
 With each passing day  ,   that goal has become  HARDER  to achieve  .  
 `` As a result we have to sometimes make  HARD  decisions .   '  '  
 We recently had a  HARD  time choosing between the Southwestern meat loaf on grilled sourdough with jalapeno gravy ( $6 )  or the grilled eggplant sandwich with roasted peppers and pepper-jack cheese ( $5 . 50 )   .  
 The M . O .  was n ' t  HARD  to deduce  .  
 `` It  ' s very  HARD  to describe the feelings parents get when we see our children  ,   "  Daniels said  .  
 For the general populace  ,   it might be  HARD  to picture running back Roger Craig in anything other than a 49ers uniform  .  
  ' It  ' s how  HARD  it will be to go back to Biosphere 1 .   '  '  
 Still  ,   idealism is  HARD  to maintain in the face of constant discouragement -- and Smith is severely discouraged  ,   time after time  .  
It seems likely that the Indian python comes out ahead because records of its growth have been made more carefully and frequently; it responds exceptionally well to captivity and does not reach proportions that make it  HARD  to keep .  
 `` But there will be another group that will march  ,   "  she said  ,   `` and when they do  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to say if there  ' s anything they wo n ' t say .   '  '  
 -- D . K .   ,   San Jose ;  A Spider mites are  HARD  to control  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to believe that Soviet politicians don ' t resort to dirty tricks .   '  '  
 `` But others will identify with the old way of running the business and find it  HARD  to change .   '  '  
 Japan  ,   which feels the Americans are using debt forgiveness to reward certain nations  ,   complains that this policy encourages irresponsibility and makes saying no to other countries with similar problems much  HARDER   .  
 That Young Guns reference is  HARD  to escape when looking at Monday night  ' s season opener between the 49ers and Giants at the Meadowlands  .  
 I wo n ' t be concerning myself with his or the troops  '  morale because  ,   frankly  ,   the choice he and others like him have made is making it damned  HARD  to maintain my own  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to imagine -- at least on his part  .  
 `` It  ' s kind of  HARD  placing a value on it by describing it  .  
 Some analysts said the incident could make it  HARDER  for the two sides to agree on a $2 billion standby loan  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to anticipate your needs for medical care  ,  so buy the broadest policy you can afford  .  
 `` The course is just  HARD   ,   "  he said  .  
 Some mornings  ,   caught in the stinging  ,   cold rain that pelts northern Arkansas in March  ,   it has been  HARD  to make out the simple metal plate that marks Steve Mason  ' s burial ground  .  
 Hammer  ' s home is V-shaped -- somewhat like a Stealth bomber -- and it  ' s  HARD  to see from the flatlands because of its low profile  .  
 Like a lot of those young kids out there  ,   he  ' s having a real  HARD  time functioning  ,   "  she said  .  
 Despite the luxurious appointments  ,   it  ' s not  HARD  to find some downright cheap things about this car  ,   such as a flimsy sunroof cover and a console box panel that pops out to reveal the gears below  .  
 Now comes the  HARD  part  .  
 volunteers may be  HARD  to come by owing to the lure of actual combat and the uncertainty of the future with a new-fangled device  .  
 That makes me the last network radio comic in America  ,    HARD  though that may be to believe .   '  '  
 Though life is  HARD   ,   he adds  ,   it has improved since the state loosened its grip and allowed free enterprise like his own to spread  .  
 Even though its design is not particularly revolutionary  ,   a prospective purchaser  ,   until recently  ,   had to search long and  HARD  to find such a piece  .  
 `` They have n ' t bottomed out yet  ,   "  she said  ,   `` and it  ' s  HARD  to say when they will .   '  '  
 `` It  ' s very  HARD   ,   in my opinion  ,   to achieve fair balance  .  
 Privately  ,   Giants officials have said they are skeptical about working with Santa Clara and say the city  ' s staff and council were extremely  HARD  to deal with last year  .  
 THE HOME STRETCH :  This last month of the season holds so much promise that it  ' s  HARD  to restrain yourself -- from yawning  .  
 In the January survey  ,   people who said jobs are  HARD  to find outnumbered those who said they are n ' t by 3 to 1  .  
 While this tendency makes it  HARD  for companies to keep secrets  ,   it greatly facilitates the transmission of ideas that sometimes lead to new products or companies  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to remember Turner as all-purpose buffoon  ,   but he was  .  
 Howie had favoured a bolt but this would have been  HARD  to stage  ,  so he fell back on a stroke  .  
 `` You can teach the short game  ,   but it  ' s  HARD  to teach length  .  
 `` The city of Fremont is larger now  ,   and it  ' s  HARDER  to get from here to there if someone needs to get to a doctor  .  
 Allegation questioned ;  One U . S .  official  ,   who insisted on anonymity  ,   said  ,   `` If someone is serious about the Jesuit case and had credible evidence about the case  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to understand why they would wait until the second anniversary of the deaths and release that evidence to the media  ,   rather than turn that evidence over as quickly as possible to the judge in this case  ,   who has proven his commitment to prosecute whoever has been accused .   '  '  
 there was a moment of silence  ,   HARD  to break  .  
 Of course  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to put an exact dollar value on land if no one makes a direct profit from it  .  
 ( `` That  ' s the  HARDEST  thing to teach  ,   "  she sighs .  ) 
 `` It  ' s very  HARD  to imagine that things like this can happen in the United States .   '  '  
 It  ' s  HARD  to lose your friends  .  
 About 10 political prisoners in northeastern China are planning a hunger strike unless the prison authorities stop beating them and forcing them to work 14-hour days on a diet of  HARD  bread and vegetables  ,   a Chinese person who has been briefed on their circumstances says  .  
 Lap-top screens use lightweight technology that eats up as little power as possible -- and therefore are dimmer  ,   smaller and  HARDER  to read than desk-top displays  .  
 `` The president says we  ' re not in a recession  ,   "  he said  ,   `` but I  ' ve had a  HARD  time believing that when 80 percent of our clients are telling us that business is lousy .   '  '  
 Sometimes it  ' s  HARD  to figure out what they want .   '  '  
 `` The important thing is to make the test for the operator  ' s license  HARDER   .  
 `` And I find it  HARD  to believe she could be anywhere for three years without trying to make contact  ,   "  says Sharon  ,   who carried a cellular telephone with her for nearly a year wherever she went  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to sustain cattle without bringing in food and it  ' s a very expensive operation  .  
 `` It  ' s always  HARDER  to get a big guy  ,   "  said offensive coordinator Mike Holmgren  .  
 `` The New Yorkers and people from New Jersey find it  HARD  to settle down and relax  ,   "  she said  .  
 It  ' s very  HARD  for travel agents to sell organized tours in America to Americans  .  
 Having used the full force of his fiery oratory to reject any fundamental change  ,   it is  HARD  to imagine how he can adjust at this late date to the new Soviet order  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to see from the bottom  ,   but it  ' s all too easy to hear :  The lab is home to a dozen dogs  .  
 Everything rides on a very small portion of his anatomy  ,   which is very  HARD  to control .   '  '  
 On the day after Independence Day  ,   when the biggest traffic jam was triggered by `` Terminator 2  '  '  and the toughest toilers in town were reggae rockers at the San Jose America Festival  ,   it was  HARD  to be a working stiff while everybody else played  .  
 thus his forms have become bunched  ,  with knobbly casing and clefts  HARD  to read anatomically  ,  and with lean stumpy extremities  .  
 `` I have a  HARD  time watching  ,   so I decided  ,   why should he have all the fun  ?   "  
 IT ' S not too  HARD  to understand why the men of the U . S .  Senate did n ' t grasp the importance of Anita Hill  ' s reluctant charges against Clarence Thomas :  Historically in Washington  ,   D . C .   ,   women are one of the perks that go with the power  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to justify the kind of money we make  .  
 `` That  ' s what makes it so  HARD  to listen to  ,   "  she says  .  
 Tourists planning to stop in on the world  ' s fair will find rooms  HARD  to come by  .  
 WHEN THE government starts whining about how  HARD  it is to make ends meet  ,   it  ' s natural to sneer and grab hold of your wallet  .  
 And one of the  HARDEST  is what to do about career planning when both wife and husband are on a fast track  .  
 `` This has been the  HARDEST  12 months of my business career  ,   "  Wright said as he began the taped sessions  .  
 If all we learned from the Palm Beach trial is that rape is a terrible thing and a  HARD  crime to prove  ,   we have also learned very little  .  
 Simply delicious ;  It was so good it  ' s  HARD  to believe it was so simple  .  
 But between the drought and the shell bursts  ,   he said  ,   ranching has gotten  HARDER  than ever  .  
 They are convincingly non-human  ,   exceedingly clever and even -- the  HARDEST  trick -- quite funny  .  
 By the end Saturday  ,   it was  HARD  to tell the difference  .  
 `` It  ' s just  HARD  for me to believe .   '  '  
 What  ' s so  HARD  about making a PIM  ?  
 it seemed a strange custom and it was  HARD  to see for what purpose a man would trouble to make himself rich  ,  if he could not buy more women with his riches  .  
 Once that happens  ,   it  ' s a lot  HARDER  to lie about it than it used to be  .  
 Undoubtedly Belden was remembering when bread and meat were  HARD  for him to come by  ,   that period in 1841 when he crossed the plains as a member of the Bidwell-Bartleson party  ,   the first overland emigrant train to California  .  
 In the 1990s  ,   they  ' re likely to be  HARD  to avoid  .  
 I would say I was going to be late to the ballpark or not take batting practice  ,   and if they did n ' t like it  ,   it was  ,    ' Well I ' m out of here or I  ' ll fight you on it .   '  ;  `` Now if I am going to be late  ,   I call  ,   I say I have had a  HARD  day around the house and I want to save the rest of the energy I have for the game .   '  '  
 In Wilson  ' s proposed shifts of discretion over certain programs to the counties and to local voters  ,   it  ' s sometimes  HARD  to distinguish philosophical conviction from fiscal necessity  ,   and even HARDER to predict how the counties ( or the voters )  will use that discretion  .  
 Or value conflicts may make it  HARD  for managers to do what they know is right for the business  .  
 For Barney I think it  ' s even  HARDER  ;  there  ' s a different kind of stress  .  
 I spoke to the head home economist at the USDA hot line  ,   Susan Conley  ,   who said the  HARDEST  part of the job is advising people that  ,   because of improper preparation  ,   their turkeys should be used for something other than dinner  ,   such as landfill  .  
 not too tight  ,  you will n ' t get away with doing this just once  ,  you  ' ll only make it  HARD  to undo again  .  
 Some airlines have found it  HARD  to comply with some of the rules  .  
 They are often  HARD  to erect and clumsy to carry  .  
 That  ' s very  HARD  to believe  .  
 Taxicabs  ,   especially in the downtown area  ,   are  HARD  to find  .  
 But people subscribing to HBO probably are n ' t doing it because of the intermittent sports programming  ,   and that makes it  HARD  to argue for early morning or even afternoon coverage  .  
 The flour tortillas  ,   plastic-bagged and kept warm  ,   had gotten a little  HARD  around the edges  .  
 A lot of them irritate my eyes and make it  HARD  for me to breathe  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to think about life without volleyball  ,   "  Beckenhauer-Heller said  .  
 We were a rock band on one hand  ,   but there  ' s something that happens when you put four girls on stage in miniskirts  ,   there  ' s sort of a vibe about it that  ' s  HARD  to control  .  
 But evidence for such claims has been  HARD  to come by  ,   in part because of fears that public complaints from U . S .  companies would prompt Japanese equipment makers to retaliate  .  
 I have moved to Texas and it is  HARDER  and more expensive for me to continue calling the FTB  .  
 Depardieu  ' s would-be poet and Noiret  ' s all-loving philosopher are particularly  HARD  to take  .  
 The former 49ers coach  ,   honored at a dinner Saturday night as an outstanding alumnus of San Jose State  ,   always was able to make  HARD  decisions about telling a player his time in the NFL had run out  .  
 The reason laptop computers have to be the size of notebooks is because it  ' s  HARD  to figure out how to put hands on a keyboard that  ' s any smaller  .  
 To be honest  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to feel like a no-nonsense  ,   take-charge kind of parent when you  ' re sitting at a tiny desk that looks like it was made in Santa  ' s Workshop  .  
 `` It was  HARD  to see him like that  ,   "  said center Jesse Sapolu  ,   who joined a large group of 49ers and Eagles in a Reggie White-led prayer session on the field after the game ended  .  
 `` I understand preemies have a  HARD  time under the best of conditions .   '  '  
 Now comes the  HARD  part :  creating a stable and prosperous society on the ruins of the old totalitarian order  .  
 `` It  ' s very  HARD  to improve Tetris  ,   but it  ' s very easy to spoil the game  ,   "  Pokhilko says  ,   noting that ideas for changing it are considered and discarded every day  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  not to like Tina Turner  ' s `` The Bitch Is Back  ,   "  and O ' Connor could make a living on tribute albums alone  .  
It ' s usually not too  HARD  to sell workers on this as it gives them longer holiday periods .  
 `` It  ' s kind of  HARD  to say what will happen in terms of additional service because we  ' ve got to get the service up and running  ,   "  said Caltrans spokesman Jim Drago  .  
 Perceptions and stereotypes are  HARD  to dispel  .  
 From what I hear  ,   blushing  ,   virginal young things are  HARD  to find in Hollywood  .  
 ( box )  Microwave method :  Smaller turkeys ( less than 12 pounds )  may be cooked in the microwave  ,   but it is  HARD  to evenly cook larger birds  .  
 Last season  ' s loss was especially  HARD  to swallow because Irvington ( 1-1 )  was coming off its first victory in three seasons when it surprised the Chargers  ,   who finished 2-8  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARDER  to get the obese out to begin exercise than the woman who is not obese  ,   "  Bagwell said  .  
 When you lose ground like that  ,   it makes it  HARD   .  
 `` It  ' s one of those things  HARD  to explain  .  
 WHEN I was an undergraduate at Stanford in the early  ' 80s  ,   one of the  HARDEST  classes to get into in the English Department was a seminar called American Lives  .  
 It makes it  HARD  to do some of the things I  ' d like to do here because of it  ,   "  Dunn said  .  
 When he  ' s struggling  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to pitch him a lot .   '  '    .  
 That makes it  HARD  for teams to play you  .  
 Vow to veto ;  The legislation is designed to overturn five 1989 Supreme Court decisions that made it  HARDER  for women and minorities to win job-discrimination lawsuits  .  
 `` I would n ' t want to discourage anyone from trying the sport  ,   but after you play for the first few times  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to find opponents because your abilities to play change so dramatically  ,   "  he said  .  
 Although local rejection rates are not immediately available  ,   agents working with South Bay minority home buyers say that the study proves something they experience regularly -- subtle and  HARDER  to-prove  forms of discrimination  .  
 Army women  ,   like their counterparts in the Marines  ,   had a  HARD  time finding sanitary napkins  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  going in favored .   '  '  
 And it is  HARD  to think of the poor slobs who sit twice a day in bumper-to-bumper traffic along 101 as the spotted owl of Silicon Valley  .  
 But this year in  HARD  economic times  ,   only 42 percent of the school  ' s graduates have found jobs  .  
 But if she has a  HARD  time imagining how this could lead to the discombobulation you describe  ,   she nevertheless appreciates the practical wisdom of your suggestion and is happy to pass it on  .  
 To his credit  ,   Van Poppel seems eager to absorb some  HARD  lessons and everyone says he has improved  .  
 We did it the  HARD  way  ,   scoring everything with two outs  ,   but that shows the character of the team .   '  '  
 For one thing  ,   Wagner concedes that a Teknekron start-up  ' s characteristic eight- to 15-year gestation period is  HARD  for a giant to abide  .  
 The love affair between Alice and Erik  ,   so immediate and miraculous  ,   is  HARDER  to accept than the premise that a young woman regularly becomes a wolf  .  
 If an executive in a traditional male job  ,   an attractive woman tends to have a  HARDER  time winning recognition and promotion  .  
 Considering the willingness of extortionists to use terror tactics  ,   it  ' s not  HARD  to understand why so many people are apprehensive  .  
 I also have arthritis in my left hip  ,   which makes it doubly  HARD  for me to reach my customers at times  .  
It is dull business ,  detecting ,  and  HARD  on feet .  
 The combination of those things are  HARD  to find  .  
 That  ' s pretty much what you have to tell these pitchers and it  ' s  HARD  to do .   '  '  
 Since Gregory was a toddler growing up in Leatherwood  ,   Va .   ,   it has been  HARD  to keep him off stage  .  
 ( box )  More than 40 percent said it was  HARD  to reach the cable company on the phone  .  
 It was  HARD  to ascertain who was the most ineffective for the Cardinal -- the offense  ,   defense  ,   kicking game  ,   coaching  ?  
 `` Most beginners say the  HARDEST  thing about the sport is holding your breath  ,   but it  ' s all mental -- you burn up a lot of air with the anxiety .   '  '  
 Still  ,   he has a  HARD  time expressing why he willingly left the academy and is jeopardizing a comfortable lifestyle for a chance to start a Soviet telecommunications firm  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to imagine a bridge that would be more important in the days following a quake  .  
 `` Now  ,   Israel may face something it has n ' t faced before -- a united Arab approval of a peace conference they may find  HARD  to resist  ,   "  a senior administration official said  .  
 Unless an agreement is worked out soon  ,   the city may have to make some  HARD  choices about how many trips it can provide to critically ill patients  ,   she said  .  
 But being the first one in your neighborhood to visit this forlorn place  ,   it  ' s  HARD  not to write home about it  .  
 Do you feel it  ' s  HARD  to keep in touch with old friends  ?  
 `` This is very  HARD  for them  .  
 `` I just find it  HARD  to believe there are still 400 extra people hanging around CBS in the fifth year of the stewardship of Larry Tisch .   '  '  
 Its relentlessly cheery tone makes it a cloying read for one sitting  ,   but it  ' s  HARD  to beat as a browser  .  
 That  ' s  HARD  to say after only two weeks  .  
 Anyone looking on would be  HARD  put to see the downturn  .  
 Typically  ,   the computer belongs to a corporation or the government and is considered in cracking circles to be  HARD  to penetrate  .  
 The issue of low wages for janitors is much  HARDER  to solve  .  
 Its efforts included a customer survey to find out what was really  HARD  to understand in the tax code  ,   forms  ,   etc  .  
 Dr .  Robert Huizenga said that the multiple tumors in Alzado  ' s brain have shrunk and become  HARD  to see on X-rays after two `` courses  '  '  of chemotherapy treatment at the UCLA Medical Center  .  
 It is  HARD  to imagine 125  ,  000 dead and millions of homeless in the United Kingdom receiving such scant attention so soon after the fact  ,   or the American public tolerating the shortage of news coverage we are experiencing  .  
 `` As resident manager  ,   it  ' s  HARD  for me to imagine a full-fledged research facility without an airfield attached to it  ,   "  Compton said  .  
 `` These kinds of incidents would be  HARD  for us to find with a random check of their records  ,   "  Framiglio said  .  
 Many spots are  HARD  to remove if they  ' re allowed to  "  set  .  
 `` The  HARD  part is over  .  
 `` That  ' s  HARD  to do because I ' m still a kid as far as physicality is concerned  .  
 My husband had a  HARD  time holding back the tears when he read it  ,   and so did I  .  
 But the money saved is  HARD  to count -- who knows if the baby might have required more hospitalization  ,   or the 3-year-old wo n ' t need special education because of parent stimulation and Head Start -- and it  ' s saved in the future  .  
 If you punch down the dough roughly  ,   it will become elastic again and  HARD  to shape into a loaf  .  
 French and Italian breads  ,   when sliced thin and toasted tend to become too  HARD  and crumble  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to tell if the claim is true  ,   because these are very tiny insects  .  
 Sure  ,   it  ' s possible for people to forget about the camera and go about their business  ,   but it  ' s  HARD  to watch something as intimate as a phone call to a hoped-for birth parent by an adopted child and not feel like an intruder  .  
 But it was  HARD  for anyone close to the POWs to approach normalcy with this week  ' s whirlwind events  .  
 Gregory Sawers  ,   an analyst at the New York financial research firm Sanford C .  Bernstein &amp; Co .   ,   said MCI  ' s chief competitors  ,   American Telephone & Telegraph Co .  and U . S .  Sprint  ,   would have a  HARD  time matching MCI  ' s promotion because their computerized billing systems are not as sophisticated  .  
 A Well  ,   a budget agreement  ,   people know instinctively if not by  HARD  lessons learned  ,   represents a great deal of sound and fury and little else  .  
 Still  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to recall any party to a Santa Clara County labor dispute that has been as contemptible as the Service Employees International Union in its current effort to establish a union at Shine Building Maintenance  ,   a San Jose janitorial company  .  
 But it  ' s  HARD  to find much good news out there .   '  '  
 Also  ,   the Amigo  ' s design makes it awfully  HARD  for an adult to reach the back seat  .  
 It was something  HARDER  to name  ,   restless and self-involved  .  
 he could make it easy for her  ,  or make it comparatively  HARD   .  
 Nevertheless  ,   Okazaki sympathized with Griffith  ,   saying the state did n ' t allocate enough money for the project  ,   and `` it  ' s  HARD  to please everyone .   '  '  
 Dr .  Solomon  ' s is just too  HARD  to use  .  
 With Congress controlled by Democrats  ,   that will be  HARD  for Bush to do  .  
 pork is one of the  HARDEST  foods to digest  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  work for him at his age  ,   "  his sponsor  ,   Le Huu Dan  ,   translates  .  
 That instantly cut the value of investments in buildings up to 20 percent  ,   throwing marginal developments into bankruptcy and adding  HARD  to-sell  assets to bank balance sheets  .  
 Besides  ,   it  ' s  HARD  not to have some fun wearing a gorilla mask  ,   says Frida  .  
 Unfortunately  ,   the display is  HARD  to read  ,   the batteries don ' t last long enough  ,   the processor is about to be obsolete ( new machines introduced last month have faster processors or processors that extend battery life )   ,   and the whole thing weighs a couple of pounds too much  .  
 The legislation began as an effort to overturn a series of Supreme Court decisions making it  HARDER  for minorities and women to win job-discrimination lawsuits  .  
 Hosin said he had a  HARD  time convincing his parents the situation was serious enough to warrant leaving  .  
 `` I know this is going to be  HARD   ,   "  he said  .  
 Since her July blackout  ,   she -- like thousands of California motorists in similar circumstances -- learned the  HARD  way about the Department of Motor Vehicles  '  little known system that requires doctors to report to state officials the patients they have treated for lapses of consciousness  .  
 The European observatory statement said the chances of an object hitting the relatively small Halley nucleus seem `` extremely remote  ,   "  and it is  HARD  to see how such an event could lead to the relatively steady outflow of dust observed  .  
 But common sense indicates that trees that have had a  HARD  time  ,   especially the citrus trees  ,   would be unable to combat a whitefly invasion  .  
 ( check )  It would also nullify other U . N .  resolutions after Iraq  ' s full withdrawal  ,   making it  HARDER  to enforce technology and military embargoes against Iraq  ,   allowing it to rebuild its armed forces in the future  .  
 But it  ' s  HARD  to keep winning by playing that game  ,   experts say  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  knowing the success they  ' re having  ,   "  Richmond said  ,   `` and I ' m not having any at all  ,   to tell you the truth  .  
 Not writing will be  HARD   .  
 `` The tough thing is  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to find a big back with those qualities  ,   "  Nunnelly said  .  
 The union wants the company to recognize it outright  ,   without an election  ,   a legal tactic unions have embraced recently because they say new labor laws make it  HARDER  for them to win traditional election drives  .  
 That  ' s the  HARDEST  thing to deal with more than anything because I love him very much  ,   "  said Gama  .  
 `` I have a  HARD  time understanding how you can signal before you get to the bottom of the pile .   '  '  
 I learned this the  HARD  way  .  
 `` It  ' s a  HARD  way to grow up  ,   having a name like that  ,   "  he said  .  
 From the February day that the Sharks unveiled their uniform jersey  ,   retailers have had a  HARD  time keeping merchandise bearing the team  ' s colors and logo on the shelf  .  
 Here in the South Bay  ,   one of the  HARDEST  dreams to change is the single-family house  .  
 Admirable goals all  ,   even if it  ' s  HARD  to tell what the results will be  .  
 And this past spring  ,   Santa Clara Valley Water District officials adopted a 25 percent average cutback -- requiring a 30 percent reduction in the summer and 15 percent in the winter  ,   when it  ' s  HARDER  to conserve  .  
 Craig was referring to the new Astrodome configuration that makes it  HARDER  to hit homers to left and right  .  
 They say they have a  HARD  time telling the passing of a train from a small earthquake  .  
 Is it  HARD  for her to deal with her husband  ' s past life and past wife so often  ?  
 But it was  HARD  to defend myself because I don ' t speak English well .   '  '  
 But it is  HARD  to see how investors outside the brokerage industry could have learned about the promising deal before last Thursday  ' s announcement  ,   as it was not mentioned in reports Judicate has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission  .  
 ( box )  Dave  ' s Coffee Shop  ,   4299 Broadway  ,   Oakland  ,   ( 510 )  658-2455  ,   would be  HARD  to miss in that dark neighborhood even without the huge signs that make very sure you know this is Dave  ' s and it  ' s a Coffee Shop  .  
 Because he takes pain killers and other medication  ,   some days are  HARDER  than others  .  
 Just how many books and magazines are there is  HARD  to say  .  
 `` And on the  HARDER  dives  ,   I still get nervous .   '  '  
 Since Expo  ' 86 spread word of Vancouver  ' s charms  ,   Canada  ' s third-largest metropolis fills in the summer with a cosmopolitan mix of tourists  ,   making inexpensive and safe rooms  HARD  to come by  .  
 `` It  ' s very  HARD  to get a budget that  ' s both doable and realistic  ,   "  said Robert Byer  ,   dean of research  ,   whose office is slated for a $550  ,  000 cut  .  
 It  ' s so awful that it  ' s  HARD  to believe it  ' s made by the same man who created `` All in the Family  ,   "  `` Maude  ,   "  `` Mary Hartman  ,   Mary Hartman  '  '  and `` Fernwood 2-Night .   '  '  
 `` When all I ' m asking for is a no-trade clause  ,   what  ' s so  HARD   ?    '  '  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to talk without crying  ,   "  Ruth said early today from her new home near Grass Valley  ,   where she moved last week  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to define  .  
 Reservations  HARD  to get ;  Getting a reservation in popular coast or redwoods parks is like winning a telephone lottery  ,   campers say  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to believe it was anyone else  .  
 `` It  ' s a lot  HARDER  than I thought it would be  ,   and more expensive than I thought it would be .   '  '  
 Inside Top fun ;   ' Hot Shots  ,    '  starring Charlie Sheen and Lloyd Bridges  ,   is a parody of so many movies it  ' s  HARD  to keep track  .  
 `` Our people work  ,   and it  ' s just  HARD  for them to get the time off .   '  '  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to find a place where they have a weakness  ,   "  Tomey said  .  
 Having been active all my life  ,   it  ' s  HARDER  to let go of a  ' young  '  body  .  
It is  HARD  to believe that this mass of intertwined concrete constitutes what the law calls ``the highest and best use '  '  of centrally located urban land .  
 `` I think it  ' s really  HARD  to predict what is going to happen  ,   "  said Anne Golseth  ,   vice president of student services at Fremont  ' s Ohlone College  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to imagine that not long ago we named a missile `` Minuteman .   '  '  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to imagine having someone on the Supreme Court whose attitudes toward the status of half the nation  ' s population have been called into question .   '  '  
 `` It was  HARD  for the infantry to get a handle on this  ,   "  said Jerry Bartlett  ,   an FMC executive and a retired Army general  .  
 `` And the  HARD  part is yet to go  .  
 She has a rare form of cancer called germ cell tumor that often responds well to chemotherapy but `` when it comes back is very  HARD  to get rid of  ,   "  he said  .  
 otherwise it is  HARD  to explain their refusal to allow regional differences in prices  ,  or their long hesitation before closing down uneconomic pits  .  
 But it is  HARD  to argue with Intel  ' s success  ,   in part due to its manufacturing investments  .  
  HARDER  to see ;  The NTSB said the lighting configuration used by the Skywest plane complied with federal regulations  ,   but would have made it HARDER to see than if it had been fully illuminated  .  
 Risk is  HARD  to measure  ,   and changes frequently  .  
 That market was closed to foreign competition into the 1970s  ,   and old habits have proven  HARD  to break  .  
 A spokesman for the California Medical Association ( CMA )  acknowledges it can be  HARD  to find doctors who will take AIDS patients  ,   and not just in southern Alameda County  .  
 History reports that a great many people have found this out the  HARD  way ;  among them were the relentless phalanxes of Alexander  ,   the ruthless horsemen of Genghis Khan and the bayonet-tipped minions of the British Empire  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARDER  to have all this information and different viewpoints  ,   "  she said  .  
 While the words of the rap songs are a little  HARD  for older ears to comprehend  ,   Fee said backstage it  ' s easy for the young to pick up  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  for me to understand why they waited so long before filing such a serious claim  ,   "  said Deputy State Attorney General Dane R .  Gillette  .  
 He was the only skater to include two triple Axels in his long program and did the  HARDEST  combination of the night  ,   a triple Axel/triple Toe  .  
 Lack of management openings sometimes makes it  HARD  for Hispanic employees to move up  ,   Camarillo acknowledged  .  
 The reason for the added delay  ,   said Maj .  Mark Rader  ,   a spokesman for the Military Postal Service Agency  ,   is `` it  ' s  HARDER  to hit a moving target  ,   "  he said  .  
 They lugged around fat binders of handouts and extra backpacks of books  ,   slogged through their  HARDEST  subjects in the decathlon curriculum -- science and mathematics -- and passed up dates  .  
 Cristalina Cendejas  ,   a student at Sequoia High School in Redwood City  ,   has a  HARD  time putting her thoughts into words -- when the words are spoken in English  .  
 Patience while international sanctions continue is easy to counsel and  HARD  to practice  ,   but for now it is the best course  .  
 It is  HARD  to believe they could fail to see that among the many people on death row who are guilty of murder there are people innocent of the crimes for which they are incarcerated  .  
 He  ' s asking  HARD  questions about his value  ,   though the questions have nothing to do with net worth  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to believe no one noticed  ,   "  he said  .  
 The mayor and city council -- and their staffs -- are often  HARD  to see on short notice  .  
 `` But it  ' s so protracted it  ' s  HARD  to see the result you want in any reasonable time frame .   '  '  
Although the pause in the advance of general business activity this year has thus far been quite modest ,  it is  HARD  to escape the conclusion that the softening process will continue into the first quarter of 1961and possibly somewhat longer .  
 On streets where life can be as  HARD   ,   gray and dirty as the sidewalks  ,   people seem to want art  .  
 Maybe exquisitely painful  ,   but it was the  HARDEST  time I  ' ve ever had .   '  '  
 She would observe :  `` Having the baby made things even  HARDER   ,   though men had left to study or for other reasons for even longer than that  .  
 They learned war the  HARD  way  ,   not as staff types who got their Vietnam tickets punched far from the shooting  .  
 `` He has just been so dedicated to the children that it  ' s  HARD  not to support him when he  ' s in there  ,   "  Hussey said  .  
 We don ' t like to admit it  ,   but letting go is lots  HARDER  than being let go of  .  
 `` I have people  ' s houses I can go to  ,   but it  ' s  HARD  to go every day  ,   especially at 7 o ' clock in the morning .   '  '  
 -- Parents  ,   USA ;  DEAR PARENTS -- It  ' s  HARD  to `` talk sense into their heads  '  '  when I have no idea what the problem is and no one wants to discuss it  .  
 In their book `` Feed the Birds  '  '  ( Workman  ,   $8 . 95 )   ,   Helen and Dick Witty warn that it  ' s  HARD  to evaluate packaged wild-bird seed that is widely available at supermarkets  ,   pet stores and garden centers  .  
 On March 27  ,   1990  ,   its main policy committee faced a  HARD  question :  Was economic activity slowing so much that the Fed needed to stimulate it or was growth still strong enough to avoid recession  ?  
 Alum Rock is anticipating a  HARD  effort to get its April measure passed  .  
 If Haley does n ' t take those words to heart  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to blame him  .  
 To travel the road of hope and opportunity is  HARD  and difficult  ,   but there is a chance that you might somehow  ,   some way  ,   with the help of God  ,   make it  .  
 I find that  HARD  to believe  .  
 `` The  HARDEST  part was not being able to tell anybody  ,   "  said Righetti  ,   32 and a first-time parent  .  
 Marketing director Brian Gruber says there is a lot of anecdotal evidence to suggest that CNN has been a big reason for the rush to hook up  ,   although it  ' s  HARD  to separate the war from the company  ' s 20th-anniversary free installation deal  ,   which began Jan .  1 and began being promoted just before the war  .  
 Whether the upgraded card stock will boost sales of Topps  '  basic brands is  HARD  to say  .  
 This is the kind of historic item we  ' re talking about  ,   and it would make the perfect gift for that distinguished gentleman or lady on your list who likes to come home after a  HARD  day  ,   put on a comfortable pair of slippers  ,   and walk around the house making loud flatulence noises with his or her feet  .  
 The task was  HARDER  than it sounds  .  
 `` After playing there for 14 years  ,   it  ' s going to be  HARD  to sit on the visitors  '  bench  .  
 On `` China Beach  '  '  :  ;  I have a  HARD  time dealing with ( Vietnam )   .  
 Statistics to support that are  HARD  to come by  .  
 It has been a  HARD  time  ,   Bubba said  ,   but `` it  ' s what life has dealt me right now  .  
 I tried Beano on three occasions and I did n ' t notice any significant reduction in flatulence  ,   though admittedly it  ' s  HARD  to measure such things  .  
 Many programs are primarily educational  ,   and those are not  HARD  to implement  ,   said Langer  ,   because there are organizations like CancerCare that will send professionals to give seminars or help management set up more extensive programs  .  
 Unless you have a  HARD  to-find  map that lists each BLM property in a given district -- and any accompanying public roads -- you cannot tell whether the land you are seeing is public or private  .  
 WITH THE Cold War over and with fears of another Pearl Harbor at rest  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to remember a Thanksgiving Day when there were more reasons for the United States to give thanks than in this second year of the last decade of the century  .  
 But the sudden attention given Cardoen is n ' t  HARD  to figure out  ,   Kaplan said  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to say which was more surprising :  that the Cincinnati Bengals finally won  ,   or the way they did it  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to go wrong with the BBQ baby back ribs ( $15 . 95 )  or the wonderful BBQ pork chops ( $13 . 95 )   .  
 Dent or no  ,   finding the illicit gardens is n ' t as  HARD  as some people would think  .  
 `` The  HARDEST  thing has been that I miss my friends  ,   the sense of belonging  ,   the sense of identity  .  
 If the five nominees were so lacking in `` excellence  ,   "  presumably it would n ' t be  HARD  to name five more excellent choices ( by some good old white  ,   male writers )   .  
 `` It is  HARD  to excuse his blindly fatalistic view in 1988 that  ' the dictatorship of the Communist Party remains untouched and untouchable  '  or that  ' a long competition and struggle with the Soviet Union lie before us  ,    '   "  Bradley said  .  
 The  HARD  to-find  star ;  That  ' s how Harper often leaves his audiences -- screaming  .  
 `` It  ' s going to be  HARD  without Julie  ,   "  Potok admitted  .  
 It is n ' t  HARD  to decide what to take because I  ' ve often considered this possibility  .  
 A senior administration official acknowledged the lack of action  ,   saying  ,   `` We have n ' t put out anything in health care  ,   so it  ' s a little  HARD  to defend .   '  '  
 `` My whole life certainly has been a fantasy  ,   so it  ' s  HARD  to come up with frivolous ideas  .  
 `` It  ' s so  HARD  to take in all the colors against the blue sky  ,   "  said Barbara Kercsmar of Albuquerque  .  
A tribute to midsummer ``bang-sashes '  '  seems terribly funny ,  though it would be  HARD  to explain why .  
 I see him try very  HARD  not to be ( unfair )   ,   but then I see cases like that I disagree with .   '  '  
He was down ,   HARD  to talk to ,  and far too nonchalant on the field .  
 But he asserted that given the harshness of the terrain  ,   `` it is  HARD  for the people to survive now at those altitudes  .  
 We hope that their active position will at last civilize our life  ,   which is rather  HARD  now  .  
 `` There  ' s been a run on antiques and it  ' s really  HARD  to find them  ,   "  Reiff continued  .  
 But it  ' s so  HARD  for him being a black quarterback and being in that city  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  enough to imagine the cool  ,   sophisticated Eikenberry talking like Tammy Wynette  ,   but it  ' s a real challenge to buy her as a dutiful wife who works in a beauty parlor and subscribes to the submissive philosophy of Wynette  ' s old `` Stand by Your Man  '  '  country song  .  
 For if `` Roc  '  '  the TV show becomes the hit many critics are predicting this fall  ,   it will be  HARD  to find more of a Hollywood-style rags-to-riches success story than Dutton  .  
 That  ' s a lot of work for someone who has a reputation for being  HARD  to work with  .  
 Many of the speakers believed the new chief  ' s  HARDEST  task will be to continue improving the department  ' s relationships with minorities  .  
 Environmental issues are especially  HARD   ,   particularly when the problem we are concerned about disappears into thin air  .  
 The  HARDEST  part is finding a baby sitter  .  
 `` I ' m just putting pressure on myself  ,   and it  ' s  HARD  not to  .  
 Whitfield and Baker surely deserve much better  ,   even though it  ' s  HARD  to imagine Diana Ross or any of the myriad other actresses who have tried to make a movie about Baker playing her any better  .  
 Of course  ,   when it comes to clothes  ,   patterns have gotten a bad rap for being out of style and  HARD  to make  .  
 `` We  ' ve lost our road-game ( winning )  streak  ,   and the  HARDEST  place we  ' ve been having to win at is home  ,   "  McIntyre said  ,   fully respectful of the Rams  '  ability to strike back  .  
 The software also lets you save parts of the screen as graphic files on disk and lets you magnify menus -- they can be  HARD  to read when you  ' re using a large screen with high resolution  .  
 If they did n ' t do it that way  ,   officials said  ,   they  ' d have a  HARDER  time fending off lawsuits from groups claiming they had n ' t received enough jobs  .  
 Today  ,   David Leeper  ,   an assistant vice president of Bellcore  ,   the telephone research firm  ,   says  ,   `` It  ' s definitely  HARDER   ,   in a multi-vendor market that is changing rapidly  ,   to guarantee an overall network that  ' s entirely reliable .   '  '  
 Harrison  ' s client  ,   San Diego neurologist Dr .  Mark Levine  ,   learned the  HARD  way about what can happen if doctors do not properly fill out the disclosure cards  .  
 WE HAVE heard this so often that it  ' s  HARD  to know any longer if it  ' s a lament or an excuse for the neglect of the youngest and poorest Americans  .  
 this is almost what Shelley took to be his frame of mind ; and it is  HARD  to accept  ,  with the de doctrina before us  ,  without talking about Milton ' s unconsciousness  .  
 Narrow roads that snake up canyons are  HARD  for people to flee down and for fire trucks to charge up  ,   especially all at once  .  
 Pardon the adjectives  ,   but it  ' s  HARD  to believe this stuff goes without water  .  
 I have a  HARD  time with that one  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to keep sharp  ,   but it helps to have a good crew  ,   "  said Shapiro  ,   who brought his 4-year-old son  ,   Ben  ,   with him to accept his award  .  
 Montana said :  `` It  ' s  HARD  watching  .  
 The `` why  '  '  is n ' t  HARD  to figure  .  
 This means they load themselves with honey  ,   and it  ' s  HARDER  for them to sting when they  ' re gorged  .  
 Milk cartons are also as  HARD  to recycle as aseptic juice boxes -- disposable boxes such as the one-serving containers popular with kids -- because of the inseparable layers of mixed material  .  
 `` I have a  HARD  time going to bed at night sitting up to see what  ' s happening in the war  .  
 Says Austrian :  `` Ultimately  ,   and it  ' s  HARD  to put a time frame on this  ,   we  ' d like to be one of the true international sports  .  
 But there  ' s something inbred in a lot of us that makes us forever self-conscious and it  ' s  HARD  to dismiss those gut feelings on a whim  .  
 Duvet or comforter covers  ,   long a staple in Europe  ,   used to be  HARDER  to find than hen  ' s teeth in the states  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to carry enough water for a long hike  ,   so if you are planning to rely on streams  ,   you must be prepared to disinfect the water before you drink it  .  
 I find it  HARD  to see the moonbeams of truth through the smog of hypocrisy  .  
 SJS orders changes ;  Two major changes at SJS will make it  HARDER  for ESL students to avoid their writing problems :  A new mandate for more writing in all general education courses  ,   plus a new requirement that all students take the writing test before they take any of their required upper-division general education courses  .  
 It  ' s easy to change goods and prices  ,   but  HARD  to change the nature of the beast  ,   particularly such a big one  .  
 `` We had a  HARD  time trying to snap out of it in the third game  .  
 First Interstate Bancorp  ,    HARD  hit by bad real estate loans  ,   has announced that it will eliminate 3  ,  500 jobs by the end of the year and reorganize its sprawling 13-state operation in an effort to cut $250 million a year in costs  .  
 `` It was  HARD  to judge out there  ,   a big guessing game  ,   "  she said  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  because we get treated badly  ,   like animals sometimes  ,   "  the 22-year-old Jaral said in Spanish  .  
 They are dangerous to enter  ,    HARD  to clean  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to tell  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to articulate the level of interest  ,   "  said James Harpster  ,   coordinator of anniversary activities for the National Park Service  ,   which oversees the Arizona Memorial  .  
 When you visit a Soviet orphanage  ,   it is  HARD  to keep your composure  .  
 Again :  It  ' s  HARD  to overestimate the number of people who have commented -- favorably -- on the personalization of the message  .  
 It still is a very  HARD  thing to deal with .   '  '  
 And since muscle burns calories faster than fat  ,   that makes it  HARDER  to stay slim  .  
 Officials said it was particularly  HARD  to assess the damage done to the entrenched elite Republican Guard divisions in a 4  ,  000-square-mile area of Kuwait and Iraq -- a high-priority target  .  
 Jack is the  HARD  one to convince  ,   though  .  
 While Saddam  ' s future is anything but clear  ,   the allies may soon be forced to look for other countries willing to provide homes for many of his long-suffering soldiers -- and may find them  HARD  to come by  ,   some analysts say  .  
 `` It  ' s just very  HARD  to say  ,   "  Chalmers said  .  
 Possibly this is because she has had a  HARD  time classifying them  .  
 In fact  ,   one of the only good things that can be said about this group is that it is  HARD  to imagine the industry environment getting worse  .  
 Unfortunately for consumers  ,   discerning if there is anything truly `` green  '  '  inside those fertilizer bags is even  HARDER  than selecting the product with the right N-P-K ratio ever was  .  
 The simplest things are  HARD  these days for the Giants  .  
 But now Magic Johnson has an even  HARDER  job ahead of him if he is going to fulfill his pledge to become an advocate of safe sex :  Now he is going to have to talk about how he contracted the HIV virus  .  
 `` Three-D is pretty  HARD  when you think about the math  '  '  involved  ,   engineer Dana Batali said  .  
 It  ' s also getting  HARDER  to join a group health plan  .  
 How  HARD  is it to line up financing for real estate these days  ?  
 `` Sometimes it  ' s  HARD  when Dad has to divide his time with all of these kids  .  
 The court rulings made it  HARDER  for women and members of minority groups to win job discrimination lawsuits  .  
 Signs of hope that they will are  HARD  to find  .  
 But in each of these cases  ,   based on eyewitness accounts as well as the cops  '   ,   it  ' s  HARD  to imagine how the officers could have acted much differently  .  
 But it  ' s  HARD  to move the sort of stuff she carries  .  
 `` I  ' ve applied to so many places -- Denny  ' s  ,   McDonald  ' s  ,   a car wash -- it  ' s  HARD  to find work  ,   "  he said in Spanish  .  
 Chaffee said radar is used on busy roads plagued by speeding and accidents and where officers have a  HARD  time clocking and pursuing speeders in their patrol cars  .  
 It is  HARD  for some areas to assimilate newcomers  ,   he says  ,   but not this one  ,   because we have a long history of doing so  .  
 `` It  ' s a very  HARD  film to get financed  ,   but I think a very important one  ,   particularly for the youth of today -- to re-establish that those were n ' t silly  ,   boring silent films with everyone throwing custard pies  .  
 And Mailer  ' s obsessions ( see below )  are just as  HARD  to bear now as they were 40 year ago  .  
 `` In the beginning  ,   it was  HARD   ,   "  he said  .  
 You can stay out of bars and dark alleys  ,   and avoid starting fights with balky drivers  ,   but it  ' s  HARD  to avoid lovers  ,   friends and relatives  .  
 If ducts are  HARD  to get at  ,   call a heating contractor  .  
 It was my life  ,   and it was  HARD  to just walkaway and say  ,    ' Hey  ,   it  ' s in the past .  '  
 She says there  ' s a crew that repaints the license plates when they get  HARD  to read  .  
 But sometimes plain old revenge sure is  HARD  to beat  .  
 It  ' s `` weird  '  '  and `` strange  '  '  and `` tough  '  '  and ``  HARD  to accept  '  '  being out of contention  ,   La Russa  ' s players were saying Wednesday  .  
 Baker  ' s strategy ;  That gambit was typical of Baker  ' s approach :  The secretary of state appears to be staking his initiative on his success in arranging a peace conference ;  to serve that goal  ,   he has had to postpone the  HARDER  work of resolving issues of substance  .  
 ( They )  are living up to their standards  ,   as  HARD  as it is for you to imagine  .  
 People say the qualifying tournament is  HARDER  than any tournament you play in on the LPGA Tour  .  
 Saturday )   ,   but it  ' s  HARD  to know if this can be transferred to the company she now runs  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARDER  to explain away the people all lying than it is to believe that something in fact happened  ,   "  he says here  .  
 Fresno was having a  HARD  time finding a place to play  ,   throwing off the schedule of teams the Tigers were scheduled to meet  ,   the Tribune reported at the time  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to know what  ' s right sometimes .  ) 
 It would be  HARDER  for us to have one regular child than to have the 16 we have .   '  '  
  ' Not a lot of heroes  '  ;  Harlow  ,   47  ,   one of a handful of volcano seismologists in the world  ,   discounted his `` Indiana Jones  '  '  reputation and said the successful forecast and evacuation was the result of `` a lot of people taking a lot of responsibility and making  HARD  decisions  .  
 Without a healthy parking fund  ,   Coonerty said  ,   not only will the city be unable to provide enough new parking lots  ,   but small-business owners will have a  HARDER  time convincing banks that they will draw enough customers to pay off potential reconstruction loans  .  
 It is very  HARD  to tell the two apart in fifteen minutes so we do not take any chances .   '  '  
 Patty Hoath  ,   an administrator of the tax-counseling program for the AARP in Washington  ,   D . C .   ,   said a lot of seniors need help with their tax forms for reasons ranging from physical ailments to printed type on the tax forms that seniors often find too  HARD  to read  .  
 It  ' s way too  HARD  to innovate your way to ratings success  .  
 She finally gets the message  ,   but in the  HARDEST  possible way :  Her doctor ( William Windom )  diagnoses her with a fatal illness and gives her six months to live  .  
 `` When we  ' re clicking on all cylinders  ,   we  ' re  HARD  to beat .   '  '  
 It  ' s  HARD  to count when your head and your torso are going in two separate directions at 45 miles an hour  ,   but after five or six serious  ,   major  ,   gut-twisting turns  ,   suddenly it  ' s over  ,   and you feel the gentle caress of the denouement -- a mere ripple of track where the sky and the ground finally return to the places God put them  .  
 That is because  ,   while doing comedy may be  HARD   ,   interviewing comedians is certainly not  .  
 `` It  ' s fair to say that anyone calling the 202 area code had a  HARD  time getting through  ,   "  Shields said  .  
 In this age of word processors  ,   it just is n ' t that  HARD  to generate a rejection letter and stuff it in an envelope  .  
 Let  ' s not make it  HARD  for travelers  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to figure how Ceausescu  ' s repressive regime found acceptance in the West  ,   particularly when the Cold War began to thaw  .  
 Paul Galm said preparing for the academic decathlon was  HARDER  than any other course he took this fall -- including physiology  .  
 `` It  ' s just  HARD  to not know they ( Miami )  are there  ,   "  Bowden said  .  
 If you  ' re shopping around for Washington reds  ,   here are the best producers in the state of cabernet sauvignon and merlot :  ;  ( check )  QUILCEDA CREEK -- Very  HARD  to find  ,   but these cabernets are the cream of the crop  .  
 How we did that is  HARD  to visualize  .  
 Not that anyone in the Green Industry would phrase it this way  ,   but many businesses thrive when times get  HARD   .  
 Yet Ranstrom acknowledged that because Shubb did not specify how frequently the accounting notices must be issued  ,   nor what type of information they must contain  ,   the effect of his order is  HARD  to gauge  .  
 As for the rest of us  ,   left in the lurch by this revolting turn of events  ,   life and television  ,   which are so  HARD  to get separate these days  ,   will never be the same  .  
 `` He  ' s real caring and giving  ,   "  said Jennine Zinner  ,   a fellow counselor at the South County center  ,   `` but also cynical  ,   embittered by a  HARD  life  .  
 That  ' s  HARD  to say  .  
 `` You know the parks department has had a  HARD  time with us  ,   "  said county planner Dave Lutes  .  
 `` Until you  ' ve actually sat through a trial and seen the impact of a person like Mr .  Dallas on the jury  ,   it  ' s just  HARD  to describe .   '  '  
 Emily would add :  `` My male classmates were generally very nice -- I ' m married to one of them -- but it was  HARD  to get good marks or to be called on in class  .  
 I  ' ve also found  ,   when I ' m having a  HARD  time remembering something  ,   it helps to change my physical position  .  
 `` It will be very  HARD  for consumers to mount any big spending upturn with joblessness still growing  ,   "  said Allen Sinai  ,   chief economist of the Boston Co  .  
 While it may be years before the truth is known about the coup  ,   it is  HARD  to deny the KGB was at its heart  ,   and that it was at root unchanged by the reforms of the Gorbachev era  .  
 And no matter what Green says  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to catch Colorado or Notre Dame on a bad day  .  
He was an honest man doing a  HARD  job ,  and the implication that he was anything else was unbearable .  
 I find it  HARD  to believe that out of 126 contributors  ,   you did not print any comments from males who claim to be suffering the effects of sexual harassment  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to be elated when we think that what triggered this is the death of two youngsters in six years  ,   "  Mayor Jack Sutorius said  .  
 But to create a really definitive culture type is very  HARD   ,   I think  .  
 He  ' s including in the playbill a chapter from San Jose State prof Larry Engelmann  ' s history of the fall of South Vietnam  ,   `` Tears Before the Rain  '  '  -- the chapter on how  HARD  it is to be an Amerasian in Vietnam  .  
 `` It  ' s really  HARD  to understand because it can ' t be crowd because they  ' re going to sell out  .  
 `` It was  HARD  to deal with  ,   "  Decious said of the loss  .  
 `` Poor families are having a  HARD  time here .   '  '  
 `` It was a  HARD  decision  ,   but I feel I ' m ready for the next level  ,   "  he said at an afternoon news conference  .  
 It would be  HARD  to think of anything more plainly `` anti-constitutional .   '  '  
 It  ' s  HARD  to imagine a sophomore being a team leader  ,   but she is  .  
 Even gazing out a window is  HARD  because the windows have n ' t been washed of bird droppings in two years  .  
 It works well for simple compounds  ,   he said  ,   but it would be  HARD  to imagine ever building a molecular-sized robot this way  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to imagine `` human bowling  '  '  at Joe  ' s Place  ,   at least in any organized form  .  
 This technique makes it  HARD  to keep track of even the principal story lines  ,   dealing with Pearl Harbor  ,   the Philippines and Malaya  .  
 MOVIES are supposed to thrive during  HARD  economic times  .  
 This was real  HARD  at the beginning  ,   but now we make the best of every day  .  
 Even the smuggest of us would probably have a  HARD  time saying to a Marxist  ,   `` I told you so  ,   sooner or later your god would fail you .   '  '  
 `` If you  ' re in by 3 p . m .   ,   we  ' ll have you out by 3 p . m .  the next day  ,   "  says Newman  ,   a pledge many dry cleaners would have a  HARD  time matching  .  
 This five-month Senate veteran is sending encouraging signals  ,   but he  ' s also saying things like  ,   `` If we don ' t make some very  HARD  and tough political decisions now  ,   we may end up destroying the beauty of California -- and no one wants that .   '  '  
 If so  ,   he may have a  HARD  time defining it as a gay recruiting film  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to function .   '  '  
 Los Gatos historian Bill Wulf  ,   who remembers the movie house from his teen-age days  ,   said he has a  HARD  time envisioning the classic theater as a triplex  .  
 In this case  ,   it seemed  ,   both Congress and the White House came to the realization that lawmakers were about to go home for two months without addressing the one issue foremost in voters  '  minds -- the sagging economy -- and that it would get increasingly  HARD  for them to keep blaming each other for the lapse  .  
 The tape makes it  HARDER  for the truth to fade into a blurred collection of opposing viewpoints  ,   emotional arguments and attempts to hide the facts  .  
 `` It  ' s been a  HARD  year for her  ,   on and off the court  ,   "  he said  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to play against them in practice and they don ' t even tackle us ;  what they do is something called button-up ( halt the runners )  and it gets so physical out there and they get so pumped up  ,   they just forget that we  ' re on the same team  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to say why  ,   but I felt bad mentally  ,   "  said Volobuyev ( Vo-lo-BOO-yev )   ,   44  .  
 Small and flesh-colored  ,   and  HARD  to stab with a fork  ,   it does n ' t garner a whole lot of respect  .  
 CERAMIC-tile counter tops in kitchens or bathrooms are elegant and  ,   generally speaking  ,   not too  HARD  to install over an existing counter top with a plastic laminate surface such as Formica  ,   after the sink and faucets have been removed  .  
 `` Yeah  ,   it  ' s  HARD   ,   but you reach a certain point when you  ' re a headliner  ,   what else are you going to do  ?   "  she asks  .  
 `` It would be  HARD  to see how any minority could be elected out of any of these districts  ,   "  said Swanson  ,   an aide to U . S .  Rep .  Ron Dellums  .  
 Despite the bargain-price menu  ,   we still spent $65 at dinner  ,   including tip  ,   because I find it  HARD  not to order wine  ,   and I dislike spending $4 for a single glass  .  
 For generosity above and beyond  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to top Bill and Penny Fitler of Watsonville  ,   who won a night  ' s stay at the Radisson South San Jose hotel in a Parents Helping Parents contest -- and promptly gave it to San Diego couple with a daughter suffering from cerebral palsy  .  
 It does not block the way to anything  ,   and it is  HARD  to see what military value it has as a target  .  
 It is  HARD  to find anyone at home these days and some people do not want to open the door for anyone  .  
Even the loss of hotel business to the outskirt ' s motel has been relatively painless; the hotel-motel demarcation is becoming  HARDER  to find every year .  
 But most important  ,   even the very near-term future in the Soviet Union is  HARD  to read  .  
 Influence mines  ,   however  ,   rest on the bottom  ,   where they are  HARDER  to find and can be set off by the noise  ,   water pressure or the magnetic `` signature  '  '  of a ship approaching or passing overhead  .  
 It was very  HARD  for him the last few days .   '  '  
 But in the face of all the problems in the world  ,   is n ' t it just a bit  HARD  to take boredom seriously  ?  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to make adjustments and coach at the same time  ,   and that  ' s what we did last year because we were so young  ,   "  Shaw said  .  
 `` Sometimes it  ' s  HARD  getting all those figures down on the right lines .   '  '  
 One person  HARD  to convince is Donald Fehr  ,   executive director of the Major League Players Association  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to describe  .  
 `` I ' m shy  ,   "  Bennett asserts  ,   a statement that  ' s  HARD  to take seriously as he sits beneath a larger-than-life silhouette portrait of himself during his counter-culture days in New York City  .  
 `` That was kind of  HARD  to take .   '  '  
 POINSETTIAS and the yuletide season are so interlocked that it  ' s  HARD  to imagine one without the other  .  
 Selecting funds  ,   of course  ,   is the  HARD  part  .  
 One food marketing consultant was quoted as saying :  `` It  ' s very  HARD  to describe a product fairly and accurately and still make it saleable .   '  '  
 `` It was  HARD  to get stuff  ,   "  he said  ,   noting that he  ' s still tinkering with grasses  ,   `` good  '  '  bugs and an occasional shot of herbicide to help his crops  .  
 BUT I suspect the Giants  '  front office is having a  HARD  time drawing comfort from that tenet  .  
 There are no figures on the prevalence of the problem  ,   but researchers say the actual effect of the drugs may be  HARD  to detect because so many of the men using steroids are still young and have not tried to have children  .  
 Thun  ,   an epidemiologist at the American Cancer Society headquarters in Atlanta  ,   warned that even if the colon-cancer findings are borne out  ,   aspirin should never be `` a substitute for the  HARDER  things that benefit health  ,   such as not smoking  ,   eating a varied  ,   healthy diet  ,   controlling your weight  ,   getting exercise .   '  '  
 It  ' s  HARD  to understand folks when they have their tongues in their cheeks  .  
 Although the story is based on a brief historical account  ,   the occasionally lighthearted tone of the text and the lively watercolor illustrations are both jarring and  HARD  to believe  ,   given the documented suffering at the camp  .  
 At the same time  ,   he said  ,   `` I am having a  HARD  time finding stocks I am really interested in buying because the valuations I would apply if I were being tough with myself are n ' t there .   '  '  
 Ironically  ,   their pay-TV rival  ,   the Disney Channel  ,   is marching in the other direction  ,   trying  HARD  to lure more adult viewers for those times when the kiddies are either asleep or in school  .  
 `` For the last six months  ,   it  ' s been very  HARD  to find anything on vinyl .   '  '  
 WHEN Phyllis Frelich talks  ,   it  ' s  HARD  not to stare  .  
 A It  ' s  HARD  to say  .  
 It is  HARD  to use and is quite slow  .  
 It also chronicles Beiderbecke  ' s  HARD  and unhappy times  .  
 They punish ordinary Iraqis  ,   not Saddam  ,   but they also make it  HARDER   ,   economically and politically  ,   for Saddam to strengthen his hold on power  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to believe this was accidental  ,   "  said superintendent Rick Marcoux  ,   who began building the 145-unit complex in October 1989  .  
 He said he was willing to agree to `` anything that gets the bill out of committee  ,   "  and agreed to the onetime change `` because the status quo has been so  HARD  to break .   '  '  
 `` In terms of economic fundamentals  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to think of any that are particularly bad  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to think of a type of place to stay that Bermuda does n ' t have in depth  .  
 Without ancillary markets  ,   MGM has a  HARDER  time making a profit  .  
 `` And it  ' s totally  HARD  to think that this person who you think you should be  ,   who you want to be  ,   is a lie .   '  '  
 It is  HARD  to believe  ,   but Turner  ' s Braves are as hot as his Cable News Network was during Operation Desert Storm  ,   as hot as his romance with Jane Fonda  .  
 `` I had a  HARD  time breathing  .  
 After all  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to get giddy over any one game when you  ' re 35-46 and in fifth place  ,   which will be the Giants  '  lot when the second half of the season begins Thursday in Philadelphia  .  
 `` I think I  ' ll fare well  ,   but it  ' s  HARD  to predict  ,   "  Canley said  .  
 INDUSTRY EYE :  `` It was a  HARD  shoot for everybody  ,   "  says actress Patricia Arquette of Lifetime  ' s `` Wildflower  '  '  TV movie set to air Dec .  3  .  
 `` It will be very  HARD  for the cartel that  ' s controlled the scrolls to put the genie back in the bottle .   '  '  
 `` That  ' s what  ' s so  HARD  .   '  '  
 Without the availability of capital at competitive rates  ,   it will be very  HARD  to test progress on any other issues .   '  '  
 A rant against the system may be what people want to hear  ,   but ultimately a presidential candidate in these times needs to tell voters what many  ,   apparently  ,   don ' t want to hear :  After you kick the bums out  ,   you  ' ll be left with  HARD  choices on education  ,   defense  ,   health care and taxes  .  
 Wave of consolidation ;  With  HARDER  times ahead  ,   industry observers expect a wave of consolidation among the 12  ,  000 banks and 2  ,  000 thrifts serving 260 million Americans  .  
 But is too  HARD  to try to change  .  
 Unlike Deayardan  ,   who rides a self-designed  ,   skateboard-sized platform  ,   the Aussies were trying to master much bigger  ,    HARDER  to-control  boards  .  
 LAST WORD :  I have a  HARD  time trying to pinpoint my disappointment with this car  .  
 If one has never studied the Russian economy at close range  ,   it is very  HARD  to imagine the gap  ,   or rather the canyon  ,   that separates it from the U . S .  economy  .  
 `` I don ' t know how I can ever expect them to understand what  ' s happening when I ' m having a  HARD  time  ,   "  she said  .  
 5 :  ASTROS MOVE FENCES BACK ;  As if it were not  HARD  enough to hit a home run in the Astrodome  ,   the folks in Houston decided to make it nearly impossible this season  .  
 `` One of the most difficult things in adaptations is not the things that are easy to give up but the choices that are  HARD   ,   "  Benton said  .  
 I personally had a  HARD  time with Hill coming forward 10 years later  .  
 `` It  ' s a  HARD  choice right now  ,   "  Kidd said  .  
 `` Sometimes it  ' s good to be away from it  ,   but if you want to be around it  ' s  HARD  to get away .   '  '  
 `` People say it  ' s  HARD  to define insider trading  ,   but I think every executive at every company knows when they  ' re in a gray area  ,   "  he said  .  
 Talking to my son in Saudi Arabia  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to convey that  .  
 `` Corporations have fiduciary duties to equity holders that are n ' t owed to debt holders  ,   "  making it  HARDER  to bring cases  .  
 `` Now it  ' s really  HARD  to figure out how to read the military red tape .   '  '  
 If that happens  ,   he says  ,   troubled companies will find it  HARDER  to get the credit they need to reorganize  .  
 `` The first year ( of eligibility )  was  HARD   ,   but now it  ' s getting better  .  
 I know it  ' s  HARD  to believe  .  
 The late Fred Astaire once said  ,   `` The  HARDEST  job kids face today is learning good manners without seeing any .   '  '  
 `` It was much  HARDER  than I thought  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to turn down a long-term Treasury bond when the yield gets to 8 . 4 percent  ,   "  he said  .  
 MindLink is both  HARDER  to learn than I expected and much more practical  .  
 `` It  ' s real  HARD  to get players to come to these games and I ' m grateful to those who came  ,   "  Bird said  .  
 THE LOOK :  What worked for me on the new Bonneville is a little  HARDER  to take on the smaller Grand Am  .  
 In fact  ,   it  ' s a  HARD  need to demonstrate in many cases if environmental values are given the slightest consideration  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  enough to meet people my own age in L . A .  To meet a girl that I might have chemistry with is even HARDER .   '  '  
 it was  HARD  to express all she felt  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  for reporters to determine how Taylor is  ,   because he does n ' t speak to the press  .  
 `` It  ' s probably the  HARDEST  job in baseball  ,   but we  ' ve got a lot of very capable people .   '  '  
 CHAIRMAN BIDEN :  Judge Thomas  ,   these past few days have been very  ,   very  HARD  for all of us -- especially my good friend and colleague Sen .  Kennedy  ,   because it is not easy for a man to sit through three full days of hearings with a paper bag over his head -- but before we let you go  ,   there is just one more point I want to make  ,   and it is a very  ,   very important point  ,   and I fully intend to make it if I ever get to the end of this sentence  ,   which as you know and I know  ,   judge  ,   is highly unlikely to occur during the current fiscal year  ,   so   .  
 `` There is an apparent trend that it is somewhat  HARDER  for a mid-level player to get the free-agent pay dirt  ,   maybe because of the mega-dollars going into the contracts for superstars  ,   "  Shapiro said  .  
 he remembered his parents talking of Maine  ,  where they came from  ,  a vague and distant place girded with rocks and bound by  HARD  winters  .  
 Hsieh insists the issue is one of fairness -- for him and for minority voters he says would have a  HARDER  time connecting the sound of his name to its printed form  .  
 But the important differences are in  HARDER  to-explain  features  .  
 To wit :  You will never have to learn anything the  HARD  way  .  
 As ensembles go  ,   Turtle Island is  HARD  to beat  .  
 And the program  ,   one of four in the South Bay  ,   is having a  HARD  time meeting all their needs  .  
 My father is certainly nothing like Tommy Scanlan  ,   and it  ' s  HARD  for me to know how much my mother was like Connie Scanlan  .  
 `` perhaps  ,  Mr Dark  ,   '  '  Chand said brusquely  ,  `` you are finding it  HARD  to believe in me  ?  
 The woman  ' s behavior `` would be kind of  HARD  to fake  .  
 This has been terribly  HARD  on me  .  
 When he  ' s on  ,   it  ' s very  HARD  to make solid contact .   '  '  
 We are making every effort to get by  ,   but it  ' s so  HARD   .  
 With the exception of the Khafji POWs who fought well -- even if not to the death -- the Iraqis captured so far have come from isolated bases that would be  HARD  to resupply in the best of times  ,   one British officer said  .  
 At the same time  ,   our state budget process is in a fiscal straitjacket  ,   bound up tightly by a series of structural constraints that prevent our leaders from setting budget priorities and making the  HARD  choices the times require  .  
 `` It was a chip I thought I could make  ,   but to make it is  HARD  to believe .   '  '  
 Lovers of the TV game will be especially disappointed ;  it  ' s  HARD  to visualize a contestant dressed like a turnip over the phone  .  
 Craig said he would have let Hickerson work longer than five innings  ,   but he already had thrown 84 pitches  ,   and Hickerson said he had a  HARD  time recovering from his last start  .  
 `` It  ' s going to be a long  ,    HARD  winter for a lot of people  ,   "  said Mayor Abbie Covington  .  
 Once a slide downhill gets going  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to stop  ,   because no one believes that what was once possible is possible any more  .  
 `` It  ' s easy to do this book now  ,   but it was  HARD  two years ago  ,   "  she says  .  
 Some competitors suggest the cost-cutting will pinch CB  ' s data service and other help for its brokers  ,   and they say CB will have a  HARD  time boosting revenues because it already takes half a broker  ' s commission -- one of the biggest bites in the industry  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to imagine what the reaction might have been had Notre Dame lost  .  
 `` It  ' s so  HARD  not to be polite  !   "  she said  .  
 `` Getting funding is  HARD   ,    "  said Prez  ,   a full-time student who supports herself from her federal Supplemental Security Income  .  
 Blowing up tanks is easy ;  stability is  HARD   .  
 `` It  ' s something to hear it on TV  ,   but it  ' s  HARD  to cope with when you come into school and see that empty seat  ,   "  said Rosemary Bulaich  ,   one of the 15 counselors who were at the San Jose school Wednesday helping students cope with the bizarre tragedy  .  
 The agency  ' s program of bulk sales is intended to unload  HARD  to-sell  properties  .  
 In theory  ,   at least  ,   the service sector and high-tech industry are the places where the U . S .  economy is generating new jobs  ,   but you  ' d have a  HARD  time proving it by the recent experience of my family  .  
 A LOT of people think the secret is out on spring training  ,   and that it  ' s starting to get so  HARD  to buy game tickets that it  ' s almost not worth going anymore  .  
 I asked Golda if what she does is  HARD   .  
 Spotting the recession  ' s end is not that  HARD   .  
 But it is  HARDER  to mimic the speech of the native  .  
It would be  HARD  to find anything more equivocal than: ``I cannot recommend him too highly '  '  .  
 It  ' s going to be  HARDER  for him ( now having to learn  ' Carmen  '  on the double )   ,   but he  ' ll be prepared .   '  '  
 THE COVER :  To make calls from home  HARDER  to trace  ,   crackers might use stolen telephone credit-card numbers to place a series of calls through different long-distance carriers or corporate switchboards before calling the target computer  ' s modem  .  
 Not being named coach of the U . S .  Olympic basketball team still hurts  ,   although it  ' s  HARD  to understand what more Nelson could have done to beat out Detroit  ' s Chuck Daly  ,   except win two NBA championships  .  
 `` But the competition is much  HARDER  than it was when Merckx or others could win nearly any race  .  
 But it is more expensive and  HARDER  to learn than PhotoShop and does n ' t have its huge hold on users and related products  .  
 Indeed  ,   it would have been  HARD  to discern a dominant element in the delicate sauce of pine nuts  ,   meat juices and garlic that accompanied my rare grilled quail ( $14 . 95 )   ,   while my companion  ' s entree  ,   a sort of baked fish  ,   was a triumphant marriage of flavors  .  
 The March 25 letter from Charles Moore on rival rail systems draws so many illogical conclusions it is  HARD  to know where to start in refutation  .  
 `` The  HARDEST  thing is the language problem  ,   "  Sharks General Manager Jack Ferreira said  .  
 Atmosphere did n ' t enter into our decision either  ,   but it  ' s  HARD  to overlook the setting at Central Texan  .  
 Most people would have a  HARD  time living up to such lofty billing  .  
 `` a more unfeeling remark would be  HARD  to find  .  
 It  ' s funny  ,   people say it  ' s not that  HARD  to record a TV program off my VCR  .  
 Seeing what he saw after the first pitch  ,   it was not so  HARD   .  
 Each animal will wear a harness that records its heart rate and oxygen consumption  ,   an indication of how  HARD  it is exercising  .  
 Decent jobs are  HARD  to find  .  
 ( box ) Is Brooke Shields a  HARD  act to follow  ?  
 The plan also would make it  HARDER  for potential gun buyers to obtain a firearms acquisition certificate  ,   and requires weapons to be locked up when not in use  .  
 Even before his first official day of work  ,   East Palo Alto  ' s new police chief got a  HARD  lesson in the financial and management problems he is inheriting :  a notice that the department  ' s crime-fighting computers would be repossessed  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to think now that we have to give up what makes us more safe .   '  '  
 It  ' s  HARD  enough to make a film without writing letters to the editor in the 15th and 16th hours of the day  .  
 I  ' d much rather see a glorious parade celebrating what smart kids we  ' re turning out ;  except that  ' s  HARD  to do when the Education Department tells us  ,   as it did two weeks ago  ,   that none of our states is doing an adequate job teaching math in the schools and most are doing miserably  .  
 Litton also plays outfield  ,   so that will make it increasingly  HARD  to keep someone such as Leonard  .  
 Maybe it  ' s  HARDER  to develop new fuels than Penn thinks it is  .  
 But it is a  HARD  time for constitutional rights  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to know what a despondent person is going to do  .  
 If the standard has been inculcated among the rank and file  ,   if everyone understands their roles  ,   then Joe McNamara should n ' t be so  HARD  to replace  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  work  ,   but I guess we  ' ve proved it can be done  ,   "  said Wright one recent afternoon in his office a half block off Loyalton  ' s main drag  .  
 in addition to this historical appeal  ,  there is also considerable archaeological interest  ,  for the island is dotted with the work of prehistoric man  ,  even though much of this record in stone is  HARD  to read  .  
 `` The  HARDEST  part about it all was I interviewed dozens of contractors  .  
 As a measure of the extent to which the United Nations would go to prevent Saddam from creating  HARD  to-detect  biological weapons  ,   the plan sets standards for bacteriological laboratories in Iraq  .  
 British television is as obsessed with the war as America  ' s  ,   and with only four channels to choose from  ,   war coverage is  HARD  to avoid  .  
 `` People are having a  HARDER  time qualifying ( for a loan )  these days  ,   "  said Herbert B .  Tasker of All Pacific Mortgage Co .  of Concord  .  
 how it is that Celtic mystery and individual beauty can coalesce in a flaky  ,  metal shield on prongs is  HARD  to say in simple terms  .  
 `` Charles made a  HARD  call  ,   "  says Craig Gilliland  ,   Sunseeds  '  attorney  .  
 Growing numbers of poor and non-English-speaking students just make the job  HARDER   ,   he pointed out  .  
 `` It  ' s a job that  ' s  HARD  to explain  .  
 You will also be responsible for making back payments to your rightful lender and may get  HARD  to-remove  black marks on your credit record  .  
 That  ' s  HARD  to quantify .   '  '  
 The class members  ,   who are of normal intelligence and pretty good at math  ,   are in the special education class because they have a  HARD  time with language and writing  .  
 Texts  '  HARD  to get  '  ;  Looking for advice on growing without synthetic chemicals  ,   Masumoto found himself looking in agriculture texts written before World War II  .  
 THE HOT SEAT :  All Brendan Shanahan wants to do is play hockey  ,   but sometimes it  ' s  HARD  being the guy who cost the St .  Louis Blues Scott Stevens  .  
 The council is scheduled to vote on whether to join Santa Cruz County and the cities of Watsonville and Scotts Valley in making cigarettes and tobacco  HARDER  for minors to obtain by banning the sale of those products from vending machines  .  
 Those would be  HARD  things to walk away from .   '  '  
 `` The ones that relied on the rich baby boomers are the ones I see having a  HARD  time .   '  '  
 MARIEL HEMINGWAY ;  ( box )  Papa was a  HARD  act to follow ;  Her appearance at age 17 in Woody Allen  ' s Manhattan made her a star  ,   but none of her subsequent films was a hit  ,   so Hemingway took a leave from the screen to be a mother  .  
 `` It  ' s really very  HARD  to put into words  ,   to get your hopes up and then have them dashed time after time  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to tell whether this is an isolated incident or something more .   '  '  
 And it  ' s pretty  HARD  to go knocking on people  ' s doors and interrupting their privacy to find out what  ' s wrong .   '  '  
 Money is especially tight for the country  ' s rural elderly  ,   who also find that health care is more expensive and  HARDER  to get than in the city  ,   Agriculture Department researchers reported today  .  
 EVEN THOUGH Halloween is a time for the weird and supernatural  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to believe the scary recession remedy that has suddenly gained popularity in Congress  .  
 They thrive on the stress deadlines create and have a  HARD  time concentrating on their tasks without it  .  
 In a cynical age of 30-second hit spots  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to remember that local politics was once brimming with idealism  .  e 
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to say when it  ' s going to come about  ,   "  said Nathan Snyder  ,   technical director of the Ralph M .  Parsons Co .   ,   a giant Southern California engineering firm of the notion to ship Alaska  ' s water to California  ,   `` but it will have to come about .   '  '  
 As more potential buyers learn of the hazards  ,   your home will be even  HARDER  to sell  .  
 I ' m plenty bitter and I ' m going to have a  HARD  time trusting another woman  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to describe exactly what it is  .  
 The place is not  HARD  to find  .  
 `` That  ' s very  HARD  to take that  .  
 Qualifications  HARD  to check ;  Consumer groups  ,   such as California Advocates for Nursing Home Reform  ,   have never registered a complaint against nurses trained overseas  .  
 It  ' s so  HARD  to believe .   '  '  
 Librarians have always had to decide these questions  ,   but as budgets decline  ,   the choice becomes  HARDER   .  
 That  ' s pretty  HARD  to believe  ,   given his position as deputy director at the time  .  
 Plummer a Cal walk-on ;  Linebacker Gary Plummer made the pros the  HARD  way  .  
 Watching Serrano at another  ,   repopulated town  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to imagine her settling for a life as a peasant  ,   slapping tortillas and scrubbing clothes  .  
 `` As long as the birds migrate to Third World countries that are still using these harmful pesticides  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to say how far our efforts will go  ,   "  Erwin said  .  
 These vices are  HARD  to give up  ,   you know  ,   "  Danilov said  .  
 Romero  ' s will be a very  HARD  act for anyone to follow  .  
 Fund-raising is difficult  ,   and it  ' s getting  HARDER   .  
 But it is  HARD  to get an accurate figure  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to put a finger on what went wrong Friday and whether it was just an off night or something essentially wrong with what Manhattan Transfer is trying to do on the road this time out  .  
 In 1940  ,   Lamarr -- whose first husband was an Austrian weapons mogul -- came up with an idea for making the radio guidance system of torpedoes  HARDER  to jam  .  
 She found this out the  HARD  way  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to explain anti-Semitism and thousands of years of history  ,   but the simplest response I  ' ve found is to tell her that oftentimes what people don ' t understand  ,   they fear  .  
 `` I had heard so many horror stories from friends in the industry about how  HARD  they are to deal with and how you should n ' t go and talk to them because they will just try to steal all your secrets  .  
 `` For ( the hammer )  to get where it got  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to see how it got there  ,   "  Hunt said  .  
 Older technologies were cruder and  HARDER  to use  ,   especially on the DOS side  .  
 So many low clouds are coming in that it  ' s  HARD  for the sun to burn them off in time for the air to warm up much  ,   Nelsen explained  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to let go of something you love  ,   something you know is good  .  
 Florida court decisions suggest that an obstruction charge would be  HARD  to prove against someone who did not return police phone calls  ,   even if it were proven that the person knew police wanted to speak with him  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to believe  ,   "  Brokaw said  .  
 `` Survey after survey shows that emergency child care is the  HARDEST  to find  ,   "  said Barbara Reisman  ,   executive director of the Child Care Action Campaign  ,   a national advocacy group  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to evaluate .   '  '  
 The speedometer  ,   located dead-center in the dash  ,   can be  HARD  to see  .  
 The first time you add redwood soil conditioner it will be a chore  ,   as the soil is  HARD  to spade  .  
It is no  HARDER  to raise big ,  healthy ,  blooming plants than weak ,  sickly little things; in fact it is easier .  
 I do not wish to be a saint ( saints are so  HARD  to live with )  but a sour old person is the work of the devil  .  
 It was very  HARD  being back here  ,   "  she says  .  
  ' Feels good doing this  '  ;  Granados says moving into the shelter has been  HARD  for Joel  ,   who has become worried and remote  .  
 ( We find it  HARD  to believe Santa Clara County Transit  ,   which says 144  ,  000 people  ,   or 10 percent of the county  ' s population  ,   ride the bus weekdays .  ) 
 The National Taxpayers Union said it was ``  HARD  to imagine a more inappropriate use of taxpayer funds .   '  '  
 Getting into one of those jazz sites is n ' t that  HARD   .  
 `` It was  HARD  to get up for games  ,   "  he said  .  
 Our school district is no longer carrying Blue Cross insurance  ,   so it is  HARD  for me to correspond with them  .  
 USA  ' s `` Lightning Field  '  '  is a  HARDER  road  ,   particularly for viewers who  ' ve seen all the ancient-curse movies they need for a lifetime  .  
 In Mountain View  ,   where 80 percent of the residents don ' t have kids in school  ,   money is  HARD  to come by  .  
 `` A championship is  HARD  to predict  ,   but I think they would be disappointed if they did n ' t finish somewhere in the top four  .  
 It  ' s not  HARD  to imagine the magnitude of misery in poorer California counties and other states  .  
 The  HARDEST  part for most parents is sticking to the attack plan  .  
 `` We had a  HARD  time getting out of Romania at that time  ,   "  she said  .  
 It will be  HARDER  because Thomas  '  defenders struggled all day  ,   with limited success  ,   to suggest what kind of twisted motive Hill might have had for telling monstrous lies about him  .  
 Said Warriors Assistant Coach Pattie McDaniel  ,   `` If we had lost that game  ,   it would have been  HARD  to recover from for the rest of the match .   '  '  
 It  ' s so  HARD  to say  ' We can ' t stand you  .  
 She is not quite as glamorous as the `` snazzy  '  '  Michael O ' Neill picture that ran in April  ' s Vanity Fair  ,   but then  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to write  ,   report  ,   raise three children and talk to your husband if your espresso brown hair is always swinging around your head like food orders on a short-order cook  ' s wheel  .  
 from Miss Delaney we get the authentic accents of the young ; and from Mr Bart we get a large number of very good tunes  ,  which some more traditional quarters have found  HARD  to come by lately  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to be boring when your subject is William S .  Burroughs  ,   Jack Kerouac and Neal Cassady  .  
 But it  ' s  HARD  to believe there  ' s a large-enough late-night audience not already hooked on Arsenio or Johnny to give him too much time to practice  .  
 Way before you go to court  ,   I don ' t think it  ' s that  HARD  to figure out when a situation involving sexual harassment is becoming unbearable  .  
 It was a  HARD  decision  ,   but I think it  ' s better to leave the coaching to the young Turks .   '  '  
 `` Being such an odd person  ,   did she have a  HARD  time when she was a child  ?   "  was another query  .  
 `` We have a higher rate of fussy babies  ,   "  says Pamela Clark  ,   coordinator of the county  ' s Perinatal Substance Abuse program  ,   `` but whether that  ' s drugs or their environment is  HARD  to say .   '  '  
 `` It will be  HARD  to dispose of the S&L mess itself  ,   or the bank crisis that has followed it  ,   "  Garment writes  ,   `` as long as we refuse to address the nonpersonal structural factors  ,   such as the distorted deposit insurance system  ,   that underlay the crisis in the first place .   '  '  
 `` I thought Calgary would be one of the  HARDER  teams to beat  .  
 `` His patients are having a very  HARD  time tonight  ,   "  said Lewiston  ' s wife  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  enough to write a cop show  ,   but here you  ' re going to deal with other lifestyles and moral values  .  
 I  ' d rather leave the church than give you up .   '   "  ;  She learned the whole truth the  HARD  way -- from one of the other women who had been involved with the preacher  .  
 If you started planning now for a 1992 baseball draft  ,   how  HARD  would it be to pinpoint 10 to 15 elite names  ?  
 The  HARD  road lies ahead  ,   but she  ' s off to a good start  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to make those wines for that kind of money  ,   so we  ' re really not looking to increase our numbers as much as just make better wines from the key varietals that are best produced in this area .   '  '  
 When you have n ' t been winning  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to win a game  ,   "  A  ' s Manager Tony La Russa said .   "   .  
 We have some  HARD  decisions to make in the next 10 days .   '  '  
Later it was gratifying to note that they had set so solidly as to be  HARD  to remove when the time came .  
 After two months of shuttling across the Mideast on four different trips  ,   he has learned the  HARD  way that the Persian Gulf war has not yet given birth to a new era in Arab-Israeli relations  .  
 The Hansen bill aims at ending abuses in the small-business market that have become so pervasive that it is now  HARD  for insurance companies to compete without engaging in them  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to leave school and my friends  .  
 It  ' s very  HARD  to approach somebody on this level with advice  ,   "  but these informal sessions are when it  ' s easiest to say  ,   `` I  ' ve been watching you and I  ' ve seen something  ,   it may be nothing  ,   but here it is anyway .   '  '  
 `` Sometimes you get off to a start like Ian did  ,   and it  ' s  HARD  to keep it going  ,   "  said O ' Meara  ,   who lives near Baker-Finch in Orlando  ,   Fla .   ,   and is one of his close friends  .  
 Suspension of disbelief may be a little  HARDER  this year  .  
 The search is too  HARD   ,   the chance of winning invites comparison to the lottery  .  
 Still  ,   it may be  HARD  for viewers to see Light as quite the same loving mom on `` Who  ' s the Boss  ?   "  after watching her feed arsenic to her only daughter on `` Wife  ,   Mother  ,   Murderer .   '  '  
 Q :  But is n ' t it  HARD  for someone like you  ,   who does n ' t read a single note of music  ,   to write a choral work  ?  
 The problem was n ' t  HARD  to figure out  .  
 FOR A PREACHER who delivered some scorching sermonettes against the use of drugs  ,   Jesse Jackson is finding it  HARD  to shake his own addiction  .  
 It would make it  HARDER  to discriminate in hiring  ,   employing and promoting  .  
 `` I have a  HARD  time with that  ,   "  he said somberly  .  
 And they are crafted not in accordance with what science has found to be safe  ,   but what lawyers have proven  HARDEST  to litigate against  .  
 Assistant U . S .  Attorney Leland Altschuler said that while White might have had a  HARD  time as a youngster  ,   he at least had a childhood  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  for rock  ' n  '  roll to be really politically correct  .  
 Burum agrees that many of the schedule labels on the collection boxes in Los Gatos are  HARD  to read  .  
 At this critical moment  ,   it will not be surprising to you that I have been asking myself  HARD  questions about the institution  ' s leadership  .  
 Harris believes his daughter  ' s death has been  HARDER  on his wife  .  
 The exam has preoccupied Wells executives for weeks and hurt the San Francisco bank  ' s stock price because the outcome was  HARD  for anyone to predict  .  
 But in recent years Gourmet editors have simplified their menus and overcome their fascination for  HARD  to-get  ingredients  .  
 And vice president is a  HARD  position in which to both 1 )  make your mark and 2 )  remain loyal to the president  .  
 Controlling mistletoe is  HARD   ,  because it attaches itself to the tree  ' s vascular system  ,  the part which carries water and nutrients to all parts of the tree  .  
 `` Before it gets easier it  ' s going to be  HARDER   ,   "  Kim says  .  
 Every year a number of toys become  HARD  to-find  best sellers  .  
 `` I tried to think back  ,   and it was n ' t  HARD   ,   to the brutality and the terrible grief that the families that stayed in Kuwait had  .  
 `` Because of the nature of the accidents it  ' s  HARD  to say if there were any violations of state safety codes that could be contributing factors  .  
 ( Remember how  HARD  it was to find Scud missiles in Iraq  ?   ) 
 No wonder it  ' s so  HARD  to make a putt  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to put a price on such rarity  .  
 HE ' S WAY OFF BASE ;  Jim Palmer  ' s comeback bid was  HARD  to take seriously  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  enough to set these ( five )  as priorities  ,   instead of Chicago  ,   San Francisco  ,   Dallas  ,   New Orleans and all the others  ,   "  Morris said  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  for me to consider perfume-free air a matter of anyone  ' s civil rights with auto exhaust coming in every door .   '  '  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to believe  ,   "  Roger Craig said afterward  .  
 It  ' s odd how many kitchen instruments have been replaced by a motorized version no more effective  ,   much bulkier  ,   and  HARDER  to wash  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to describe the complete and utter ineptness of the Oregon squad  ,   but we  ' ll give it the old college try :  ;  The Ducks fumbled six times  .  
 In the arena of politics  ,   where the Thomas-Anita F .  Hill drama played out  ,   it is  HARD  to say whose name ends up dirty and who ends up smelling like a -- well  ,   not smelling too much  .  
 It  ' s just very  HARD  to say it briefly  .  
 One thing most of the girls share is a new realization that taking care of a baby is  HARDER  than they expected  .  
 But for travel with results  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to top Silicon Valley  ' s delegation to the International Gay and Lesbian Human Rights Commission meetings in Leningrad and Moscow earlier this month  .  
 There was no subject  ,   he said  ,   about which it was  HARDER  to write truthfully  .  
 But should Walsh and his staff fail to do so  ,   it is  HARD  to see how any similarly immunized defendant could ever be successfully prosecuted  .  
 `` It was  HARD  to ( imagine )  that this would happen .   '  '  
 For example  ,   Simmons had a  HARD  time of it at several prep schools he attended ;  he tells us as much  .  
 Playwright Tony Kushner learned it the  HARD  way  ,   when Corneille  ' s name got second billing to his own in the Hartford ( Conn .  ) 
 The crux of the problem is that the economy is at a turning point -- soEmewhere between recession and recovery -- and it  ' s  HARD  to get a clear reading on where things stand  .  
 The new shorts are typically cut very full  ,   like a skirt ( often it  ' s  HARD  to tell the difference )   .  
 It  ' s  HARDER  to sleep  .  
 But putting everything under one agency may be very  HARD  to pull off politically  ,   Eastin acknowledged  .  
 `` Boys would like it as much as girls  ,   I think  ,   because it  ' s pretty  HARD  to try to figure out how to kill the bad guys .   '  '  
 `` Life is  HARD   ,   but I don ' t forget you  ,   "  they sang in high voices  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to balance this off  .  
 Most people incarcerated at Rikers Island  ,   even for bouncing a check  ,   would prefer the innermost circle of Hades  ,   so what it must be like for a known child molester is  HARD  for us to comprehend  .  
 They  ' re  HARD  to find  .  
 Recognition  ,    HARD  to come by before  ,   will be more scarce than ever  .  
 Kousky noted one similarity between this year and 1982 :  the presence of a cloud of volcanic debris in the air  ,   making it  HARD  to use satellite measurements to determine water temperature  .  
 HERE ' S TONGA ' S BEST BEACH ;  Pangai  ,   Ha ' apai  ,   Tonga ;  I PROMISED I would n ' t do this  ,   but journalistic juices are  HARD  to control  .  
 It  ' s just that it  ' s  HARD  to do things that are bizarre or odd if I ' m under everybody else  ' s direction  .  
 Bathrooms and powder rooms are a little  HARDER  to tuck away  ,   because the pipes have to be hidden and because building codes govern the placement of fixtures  .  
 It  ' s just that it  ' s  HARD  to have all of them over there  .  
 ( Aging )  will be  HARDER  for Madonna .   '  '  -- Grammy-winning singer-songwriter Bonnie Raitt 
 Still  ,   gazing around the deserted shopping mall  ,   it was n ' t  HARD  to see what had driven this poor store owner over the edge  .  
 For Merrily Milbert of San Jose  ' s Rose Garden area  ,   aesthetics  ,   sturdiness  ,   and the excellence of its cooking caused her to lay out about $1  ,  500 for a  HARD  to-find  1947 Wedgwood with six burners  ,   two ovens and two broilers  .  
 `` The feeling we get is that this is going to be a very  HARD  winter  ,   "  McEntee said  .  
 `` We  ' re going to face a rather  HARD  winter  ,   "  said Ambassador Viktor Komplektov  .  
 Why is it so  HARD  for men to be just friends  ?    '  '  
 Working on :  President of the Bay Area Pagan Assemblies  ,   Christian helped found the organization `` because it  ' s  HARD  for pagans to find other pagans  ,   "  she says  .  
 But her friends  ,   too  ,   find it  HARD  to categorize Ardanelle Dishon  .  
 We don ' t quite know the outcome of this episode  ,   except that Geraldo Rivera was last heard muttering  ,   `` Well  ,   good guests are so  HARD  to get  .   .   .   '  '  
 For all that  ,   there are still those who say it will be  HARD  for Robinson to achieve Bo Jackson  ' s level as an endorser  .  
 `` This was the  HARDEST  decision I ever had to make  .  
 `` The system makes it very  HARD  to do that  .  
 `` The board has to be able to ask  HARD  questions  ,   and ask for information in a certain way  ,   so it understands it  .  
 IF YOU ' RE having a  HARD  time keeping up with the Eric Lindros sideshow  ,   don ' t feel alone  .  
 Still  ,   accepting the help will be  HARD   ,   Hill said  .  
 But now this convenient silence is  HARD  to maintain  .  
 `` Once you eat this stuff  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to eat store-bought  .  
 The  HARDEST  job for Embree has been talking his way past police lines  .  
Either way it ' s  HARD  to beat in flavor as well as ease of preparation .  
 What we would now call his lifestyle was  HARD  to square with class-war precepts  ,   making him sort of a limousine socialist  .  
 The stakes are very high  ,   and the questions will be very  HARD  .   '  '  
We may now take up for consideration a  HARD  case which seems to require either no action employing economic pressure or else action that would seem to violate the principles set forth above .  
 TIMBERWOLVES 112  ,   KINGS 94 :  Sacramento entered the NBA record book the  HARD  way  ,   losing their 35th straight road game when a third-quarter cold spell doomed them to the loss to Minnesota in Minneapolis  .  
 Councilman Steve Blanton said Los Gatos  '  property tax revenue represents such a small overall amount to Santa Clara County that `` I find it  HARD  to look at this situation as critical dollars for the county .   '  '  
 Which makes it very  HARD  to be king  .  
 But surveys and consumption data show that major diet changes -- and the right changes -- are  HARD  to make :  ;  ( check )  Red meat sales were down over the past 10 years  ,   and the consumption of grain  ,   fruits and vegetables was on the rise  .  
 `` We needed the win  ,   but we seem to make it  HARD  either way  .  
 One reason Craig and Rosen find patience so  HARD  to come by is their background  .  
 Most of the draft from the lottery picks on down is guesswork because it  ' s  HARD  to know how a college kid is going to do in the NBA until he slaps his sneakers on a pro floor  .  
 Is it  HARD  to retire  ?  
Plays more highly formalized than ``Waiting for Godot '  '  ,  ``Endgame '  '  ,  and ``Krapp ' s Last Tape '  '  would be  HARD  to find .  
 It  ' ll be  HARD  to knock the smile off my face .   '  '  
 It would be  HARD  to question that he is n ' t the best player in the game right now .   '  '  
 `` That  ' s the  HARDEST  thing for me  ,   "  said Barrientez  ,   23  ,   who has been in the mental health system since age 12 and suffers from mood swings  ,   a condition that is controlled by medication  .  
 `` Everyone connected with this foundry has worked very  HARD  to identify additional business opportunities both within and outside the company  ,   "  Deere Chairman Hans Becherer said in a news release  .  
 If girls had to earn esteem in the same way that boys do  ,   they  ' d be more likely to sweat out the  HARD  subjects  ,   where what counts is objective mastery  .  
 Without the program  ,   he said  ,   it  ' s  HARD  for the council to know what the community wants  .  
 `` I would have had a  HARD  time living with myself  ,   playing eight  ,   nine years in the minors and getting so damn close but never getting there  ,   "  he said  .  
 But such a claim is  HARD  to prove  .  
 It will be  HARD  for an American worker to justify 10 times the rate of a Mexican worker and I know of no Americans willing to work for a tenth of their current pay  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to take this seriously from a government that spent $600 apiece on toilet seats .   '  '  
 It has been  HARDER  to reduce the salt content  ,   but that has n ' t hurt the Municipal Golf Course where the effluent has been used experimentally  .  
 That  ' s always  HARD  for me to swallow .   '  '  
 Organized fraud rings file tens of thousands of claims annually for soft-tissue injuries such as back and neck sprains that are  HARD  to prove medically  .  
 As the tower celebrates its 50th anniversary today  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to ignore the contributions its scholars have made to conservative causes of this country  ,   nowhere more startling than during the Reagan administration  .  
 No  HARD  ones to duck ;  During Jane Pauley  ' s interview with Pete Rose ( to be telecast Sunday )   ,   she asks Charlie Hustle if his agreeing to the interview was just a public relations `` hustle .   '  '  
 Add to that list the black characters featured on two new dramas -- `` I  ' ll Fly Away  '  '  ( a cleaning woman )  and `` Homefront  '  '  ( a chauffeur and his janitor son )  -- and you get a televised picture of black life moving from good times to  HARDER  times  .  
 A  HARD  lesson awaits many of the nation  ' s 45 million schoolchildren and their teachers this fall :  how to make do with less  .  
 Today  ,   says MFA  ' s Julian  ,   `` it  ' s  HARDER  to tell if a suit is Italian  ,   or French or American .   '  '  
 Moreover  ,   the general emphasis on short-term gains  ,   based on quarterly reports  ,   makes it  HARD  for the managers  ,   except in very large companies  ,   to invest in long-term research  .  
 The town archives  ,   watched over by the mayor and the esteemed Prof .  Juckenack  ,   are particularly  HARD  to crack  .  
 He concludes  ,   `` To me  ,   premiums are  HARD  to swallow .   '  '  
It is a flavor that might take a little getting used to- not because it is unpleasant ,  but because the flavor is  HARD  to define in the light of our experience with other fruits .  
 A gardener found out the  HARD  way this weekend that in Los Altos  ,   more than leaf blowers should be quiet  .  
 He  ' s been 94 on the ray gun  ,   that  ' s on the slow gun  ,   and even a little bit  HARDER   ,   "  Kuehl said  .  
 FOR such a well-marketed  ,   well-received new team  ,   the Sharks are having an awfully  HARD  time working out a cable deal with the SportsChannel network  .  
 Sexual harassment may be difficult to define  ,   making it  HARD  to come up with simple rules -- the do  ' s and don ' ts of how to harass sexually without violating Title VII of the 1964 Civil Rights Act  .  
 But it is  HARDER  to wonder  ,   with guiding lights such as George Bush  ,   the accelerating national debt  ,   the junk bonds losses and twice the bank failures as occurred during the Depression  ,   just how much of this mess we created ourselves  .  
 Democrats decide ;  It will be  HARDEST  of all for the Democrats  ,   and the arithmetic gives them the upper hand  .  
 East Side Union High School District figures it will cut one class out of every senior  ' s day -- making it  HARDER  to take music  ,   art  ,   drama  ,   even a foreign language  .  
 `` It  ' s going to be a  HARD  thing to look at guys after going through something like that .   '  '  
 Like Milosevic  ,   Yeltsin prefers issuing decrees to the  HARDER  task of persuasion  .  
 `` In coming years  ,   it will be  HARD  to believe how low bond yields ( the flip side of rising bond prices )  will get  ,   "  said Gary Conway  ,   president of Conway  ,   Williams & Foster in Menlo Park  .  
 ADD SUTCLIFFE :  The Cubs  '  veteran pitcher  ,   who underwent shoulder surgery last year  ,   found it  HARD  to suppress his emotion after Thursday  ' s comeback victory  .  
``What with all those pretty girls around ,  they had a  HARD  time '  '  .  
 although both herd and individual yields have now been surpassed by Friesian cows in this country  ,  it would be  HARD  to find so many cows of uniform excellence anywhere else  .  
 It  ' s pretty  HARD  to redeem yourself after committing three errors and bungling a double-play attempt  ,   but San Jose Giants second baseman Frank Carey came about as close as you can get in Game 2 of the California League Northern Division playoff series at Municipal Stadium on Saturday night  .  
 For one thing  ,   gains in productivity -- an important element in the inflation equation -- are  HARD  to achieve during periods of declining economic activity  .  
 I find it  HARD  to believe Rolm could be so inconsiderate as to do this and ruin a beautiful  ,   peaceful family event  .  
 He has gone from a kid who fought taking college prep classes -- `` I was n ' t thinking about going to college  ,   so why make it  HARD   '  '  -- to a young man with an A- grade average who sometimes spends lunch in the library and who wants to be a doctor  .  
 Their  HARD  road to freedom led them through drought and famine  ,   against U . S .  opposition and a billion-dollar Soviet military slaughter  .  
 In small classes  ,   teachers can teach  ,   not just maintain control  ,   and it  ' s  HARDER  for kids to hide out in the back row  .  
 But now John says he  ' s decided to give up his 23-year career as a carpenter  ,   in part because of arthritis and in part because consistent work is too  HARD  to come by  .  
 `` I hear it  ' s real  HARD   ,   "  said Vance  ,   who just returned to the Bay Area after working in Nebraska for a year  .  
 The child may be disoriented and  HARD  to awaken and calm  ,   but usually returns to sleep quickly with little or no memory of the event the next day  .  
 So far  ,   MBARI  ' s scientific contribution is  HARD  to gauge  .  
 It  ' s sure  HARD  on me to pay it with utilities  ,   rent and groceries  .  
 ( The reality  ,   though  ,   is that attracting shoppers to downtown San Jose -- even with validation come-ons -- still is about as  HARD  as trying to sell new shake roofs to California hill-dwellers .  )    .  
 `` They spoke with a degree of knowledge  ,   experience and currency that was  HARD  to overlook .   '  '  
It was the  HARD  way to fight a war but Thomas did it without making any disastrous mistakes .  
 IT BECAME a little  HARDER  to purchase a house on Monday  ,   especially for first-time buyers  .  
 Making the transition from the Middle East to the Bay Area was n ' t  HARD   ,   he added  .  
 Unfortunately  ,   the display is  HARD  to read  ,   the batteries don ' t last long enough  ,   the processor is about to be obsolete  ,   and the whole thing weighs too much  .  
 `` This business is  HARD  enough without the council telling us how we can serve and who we can serve to  ,   "  Peterson said  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to see something the same color as the sand or shadows  ,   but the same thing would be easy to spot if it was red or orange  .  
 Call me squeamish  ,   but I found it  HARD  to work up an appetite at that point  .  
 `` We did n ' t have many opportunities  ,   and it was  HARD  to get any continuity  ,   "  Redskins Coach Joe Gibbs said  .  
 ( box )  HER STORY :  This is Ekstrom  ' s assessment of her season :  ;  `` I had n ' t been in gymnastics for so long that it was  HARD  to come back  .  
 `` Juveniles are very  HARD  to place  ,   "  said Sally Brennan  ,   executive director of Cupertino Community Services  ,   a non-profit social services agency that worked with the courts on the alternative sentencing program  .  
 And the sidewalk is stained with oil because  ,   and this may be  HARD  to visualize  ,   sections of what appear to be the sidewalk are actually for vehicle parking  .  
 It  ' s pretty  HARD  to believe  .  
 Seemingly always in motion  ,   it  ' s not  HARD  to imagine the stocky `` Hurricane  '  '  Rosenberg in his youth  ,   moving down the basketball court where  ,   as point guard  ,   he called the plays  .  
 Traders said the biotech group has been hit as investors take profits amid a realization that the recent rise in the group was based on speculation that might be  HARD  to bear out  .  
 I said  ,    ' Abe  ,   you are a  HARD  man to fool .   '   "  ;  Ivins was writing about neighborhoods after that  ,   but too many times  ,   such descriptions as `` a beer-gut belly  '  '  got changed to `` a protuberant abdomen .   '  '  
 Americans sensed he was `` one of us  '  '  -- making it the  HARD  way in a demanding world  ,   sometimes proceeding awkwardly  ,   sometimes even cheating  .  
 87 percent are  ' good drivers  '  ;  The reasons are not  HARD  to comprehend  .  
 `` I guess we ought not do it  ,   but sometimes when they get it started in the stadium  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to resist .   '  '  
 It  ' s  HARD  to imagine that the tanned  ,   muscular man kicking a soccer ball up and down athletic fields from Mountain View to Los Gatos six days a week ever could have been uncoordinated  .  
 It will be a  HARD  move for Roger Angell  ,   70  ,   baseball writer and fiction editor  .  
 `` It  ' s been very  HARD  to be back  ,   "  she said  .  
 Besides  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to be too pessimistic when the museum is opening an addition that will give it almost as much gallery space as New York  ' s famed Whitney Museum of American Art  .  
 the  HARDER  of the two battles is  ,  of course  ,  the one in India  ,  since here the institution of caste has the momentum of three thousand years of history behind it  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to miss the River Inn  ,   because it  ' s the first outpost you come to after Carmel  ,   and a sure sign that you  ' re now  ,   officially  ,   in Big Sur  .  
 ( check )  If your ducts are already insulated :  It  ' s  HARDER  to find out if your ducts leak  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to say how far down the Nikkei will go  ,   but it could eventually sink as low as 23  ,  000 points  ,   "  said Hosaku Endo  ,   a trader with Dresdner Securities  .  
 -- Loretta Corrales ;  San Jose ;  FISCAL FIASCOES HOLD ECONOMICS LESSONS ;  A  HARD  economics lesson is being learned by our federal  ,   state and local agencies :  You simply should not spend more money than you have  .  
 The real solution is to get rid of the guns now in circulation and make it a lot  HARDER  to get new ones  .  
 Federation spokesman Ian Barnes said it was  HARD  to accept the validity of Seles  '  medical excuse because she continued to play in the New Jersey event  .  
 But for dedication to the cause  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to top Char Krumwiede  ,   director of volunteers for the Silicon Valley Charity Ball  .  
 The newly-released Stanford study of homeless families is a very helpful description of the  HARD  lives of homeless parents and children  .  
 `` If a man  ' s not a man  ,   then it  ' s  HARD  to be romantic  ,   "  he says  .  
 It  ' s really  HARD  to joke with him about it  ,   "  said Speaker Brown  ,   one of Vasconcellos  '  closest allies in the Assembly  .  
 Meetings are  HARD  to schedule  ,   and city employees who spoke candidly in the past seem less forthcoming in the presence of their boss  .  
 I  ' ll admit that being on the Monterey Peninsula of California is better than being in the `` inner city  ,   "  but it  ' s pretty  HARD  in any case to maintain a sense of self-worth when you  ' re not sure where you  ' re going to eat  ,   sleep or go to the bathroom  .  
 With so few left  ,   Jews here say it is  HARD  to have faith  .  
 As a mother and a working woman  ,   I can tell Professor Banner that motherhood is much  HARDER  work than any 9 to 5 job  .  
 It was  HARD  at San Jose State to communicate with Coach Berry .   '  '  
 Thanks to its menu system  ,   it  ' s not  HARD  to imagine Capital Gainz appealing to the new  ,   small investor  .  
 The Niles  '  Special  ,   with ground beef  ,   onions  ,   spinach and Swiss cheese ( $3 . 95 )   ,   is a real meal to set you up for a  HARD  day of processing words or dealing in concepts  ,   not to mention any real work you may have to do  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to say  ,   "  Feeney said  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to say when things first go wrong for the 25-year-old Castro Valley chef  .  
 `` At the  HARDEST  part  ,   take a break and do something that  ' s fun and come back to the rest  .  
 There was a sense of power and charisma about him that is  HARD  to define .   '  '  
 Changing some of their hits to an acoustic arrangement for the current tour was n ' t as  HARD  as they thought it would be  ,   Oates says  .  
 From The Top - San Jose computer engineer Eric Larsen may have survived a shark attack while surfing off Davenport in July  ,   but the economy  ' s bite is  HARDER  to dodge  .  
 From the highway  ,   you can see the outlet center sign  ,   but it  ' s  HARD  to see the center itself  .  
 `` Those hours were  HARD  for me  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to think about leaving people and a place from which I  ' ve derived such enormous satisfaction  .  
 Buckley has impressed them with her patience and determination  ,   but may not fully realize how  HARD  it will be just to go home again  .  
 It  ' s really  HARD  to tell  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  not to hope  .  
 `` Take no notice  ,   "  he said cheerily of his Quasimodo outfit  ,   though it was  HARD  not to  .  
 `` That way  ,   it  ' s  HARDER  for them to point fingers  '  '  when things don ' t work  ,   King says  .  
 It may be  HARD  to imagine anyone from the cast of ABC  ' s `` Carter Country  '  '  earning an Oscar nomination  ,   but Griffith did for 1989  ' s `` Working Girl  ,   "  moving into the front ranks of movie stars  .  
 For example  ,   the success of talented black figures in the culture industry -- such as Bill Cosby  ,   Oprah Winfrey  ,   Spike Lee and Arsenio Hall -- is not simply the result of their  HARD  work and excellence ;  it is also the result of an unprecedented openness of white America to black humanity  .  
 It is  HARD  to imagine how that puny fire you had so much trouble starting  ,   and struggled to keep going  ,   could create such a big problem until you realize that about 1 million tons of wood are burned in more than 700  ,  000 Bay Area fireplaces and stoves each winter  .  
 But having admitted so many of the failures of central planning these past few years  ,   it may be  HARDER  to put the idea of market-oriented economic reform back in the bottle  .  
 Oftentimes the  HARDEST  part of decorating a room is putting in the finishing touches  .  
This design is  HARD  to beat for timber hunting or for packing in a saddle scabbard .  
 After all  ,   his Dallas-based Mesa Limited Partnership lost $209 million last year  ,   so it  ' s  HARD  not to be humble  .  
 It was so  HARD  to shoot  ,   we lost our original ending  '  '  -- something Connors did n ' t know until he went to a recent rough cut viewing of the film  .  
 The essential active  ,   persistent and  ,   at times  ,   personal involvement by the president may be  HARD  to sustain as his domestic and international agenda compete for time and attention  .  
 It never was  HARD  for Hosin to lose himself in the sport  .  
 We  ' re having a  HARD  time getting them together .   '  '  
 `` It is  HARD  to say if anything in the bulletin-board world has reached that level  ,   where it is private but somehow takes on a public quality  ,   "  Rose says  .  
 THE LOOK :  Our victory red test vehicle was  HARD  to miss  .  
 Sure  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to accept the fact that  ,   after spending years studying to take on challenging careers such as Architect  ,   or Communications Professional  ,   or Marketing Executive  ,   the only actual position you  ' ve been offered is Drinking Fountain Gum Remover  .  
 My brother told me that he heard from an electronic technician that 8mm camcorders are  HARDER  and more costly to fix  .  
 By the time he became the frontman for the administration  ' s efforts to stigmatize civil rights bills as `` quota  '  '  legislation and to overturn constitutional protections against arbitrary search and seizure  ,   it was  HARD  to recognize the man he had once been  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to do what you want to do when you have one .   '  '  
 Most notably  ,   Malone repeatedly contends that an `` angry  '  '  Securities and Exchange Commission went out of its way to give MIPS a  HARD  time  ,   badgering the company with endless questions about the prospectus and requesting dozens of changes  .  
 And  ,   he added  ,   `` without financing  ,   those companies have a  HARD  time growing to a point where they will ever qualify for bank loans .   '  '  
 It is  HARD  to stay sad about the death of Theodore Geisel  ,   because he invented so many antidotes for the poison of sadness  .  
 That song features the sweet-voiced Ball and the raucous Barton on a call-and-response refrain :  `` When you  ' re all alone --  '  '  / `` Without love .   '  '  / `` It  ' s so  HARD  to go on  !   "  / `` Nights are long  .   .   .   "  ;  Producer Rebennack plays organ  ,   piano  ,   percussion and guitar on the album  .  
 In addition  ,   Santos-Killins says it  ' s  HARD  for the groups to take their volunteer board members and turn them into effective fund-raisers  .  
 `` That  ' s the  HARDEST  part of doing things like this ;  you don ' t anticipate how much will really happen .   '  '  
 With more single-parent households and more mothers in two-parent families who work outside the home  ,   it  ' s  HARDER  for parents to squeeze in time to meet with teachers  ,   Mineta added  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  for us to work in a place that  ' s generic .   '  '  
 Lottery officials  ,   meanwhile  ,   have attributed sales declines largely to  HARD  economic times  .  
 But nobody knows where a spare $200 million can be found  ,   and 20 percent fee increases are  HARD  to sell  ,   although the University of California -- untrammeled by the Legislature -- is going for 40 percent  .  
 That hole has always been  HARD  for me to make par on  .  
 This can be unsettling and also makes it very  HARD  to know where the bidding is  .  
 `` It  ' s going to be  HARD  for any doctor but him to read my MRIs  ,   "  he said  .  
 Now it  ' s  HARD  to find a garlic detractor anywhere  ,   especially this weekend when the Gilroy Garlic Festival attracts its own special brand of Deadheads  .  
 Yes  ,   a lot of MDA  ' s clients ( not necessarily `` patients  '  '  )  are kids  ,   but do you know how  HARD  it is to become  ,   and be treated as  ,   a self-respecting disabled adult in this society  ?  
 `` Even if we occupied Iraq  ,   we  ' d have a  HARD  time finding everything  ,   "  said Gary Milhollin  ,   a nuclear arms specialist  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  for us because we want to be like the average people  .  
 `` A few people tried to give me a  HARD  time  ,   "  he said  .  
 I continue my assault on the door  ,   but without any peripheral vision  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to line up the hound head with the opening  .  
 Uncouplings can be civilized even if breaking up is  HARD  to do  .  
 `` I kept hearing people complain how  HARD  it was to order lunch after 1 or 2 p . m .   ,   "  says Asher-Tournant  ,   the former chief chef at San Francisco  ' s Carnelian Room  ,   so his lunch `` hour  '  '  now stretches from 1 to 5 p . m  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to imagine that we could feel affectionate toward each other working on the bills or our hit-or-miss efforts at a budget  ,   and some days the best we can do is exercise patience with each other  .  
 For workers at BART  ' s cash-handling building  ,   the irony is almost too  HARD  to bear  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to imagine Pete Wilson without Otto Bos .   '  '  
 Names are  HARD  to hear  ,   especially if rushed  .  
 Congressional aides concede the growing possibility that final action on the crime package may have to be delayed until the start of a presidential election year when compromises are often  HARDER  to reach  .  
 Pinedo says he  ' s learned the  HARD  way that living with HIV can be a roller-coaster ride  .  
 ( check )  The new peg system for anchoring the nets still allows movement of the posts but makes the nets much  HARDER  to dislodge  .  
 When you  ' re addicted  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to quit  ,   "  said Caitlin Kerk  ,   a spokeswoman for the Lung Association  .  
 Arms flailing and the wind in my hair  ,   this was n ' t so  HARD   ,   I thought  ,   until we slowed down again to that dreadful canter  .  
 It would be  HARDER  for the personal things  ,   the toileting and all that  .  
 ( check )  `` I don ' t got no future really as a boxer  ,   "  Mickey Rourke said after his first bout  ,   and it  ' s  HARD  to believe he has a future in film  ,   talking like that  .  
 `` He can ' t throw yet  ,   and now it  ' s  HARD  to ride the bike  ,   "  Craig said  .  
 Exactly how the financial mess at Foothill-De Anza ever got this far is  HARD  to understand  .  
 Single parenting is  HARD  but it beats living with a man who is never wrong and makes you feel like nothing  .  
 If the thing had to be done  ,   it could n ' t have been done better -- although it  ' s difficult to understand how the money to build it could be found during the Great Depression  ,   while the money to repair cracks in the carving is so  HARD  to find today  .  
 It  ' s going to be  HARD  raising a daughter on my own  ,   "  according to the reports  .  
 Outside support is  HARD  to come by for Christina and others in the Teen Success Program  ,   which is designed to help teen mothers prevent other unintended pregnancies  ,   motivate them to stay in school and teach them long- and short-term life planning skills  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  seeing your father get taken away  .  
 If starting seeds sounds too  HARD  or your garden is very small  ,   use started seedlings in six-packs  .  
 `` Sometimes the simplest dishes are the  HARDEST  to do because the dish has to stand there alone  ,   naked  .  
 It  ' s very difficult to get people to convict someone to begin with  ,   and to get them to convict someone who has good motives and good intentions is a far  HARDER  task .   '  '  
 It  ' s just that in the two-part opener  ,   we don ' t get much of a feel for the new folks at the station  ,   and without knowing how they  ' ll work out it  ' s  HARD  to say how the show will work out  .  
 Icarus speaks to the younger reader without condescension ;  indeed  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to say what it is about Icarus that disqualifies it as stimulating adult reading  .  
 It was  HARD  to tell just how rusty Holmes might have been because Anderson simply was no match  .  
 `` It  ' s been very  HARD   ,   "  Damodar Shastri  ,   a priest at the temple  ,   said Wednesday  .  
 Even with the huge rise in new starts in Santa Clara County  ,   many developers are still finding it  HARD  to obtain financing to build  .  
 `` Then it gets pretty banged up and is kind of  HARD  to hear .   '  '  
 Harold C .  Simmons is very rich  ,   very smart and often very  HARD  to understand  .  
 As testing methods improved  ,   East German doctors developed a technique known as `` bridging  ,   "  in which athletes stopped taking steroids several weeks before a major event and replaced the drug with injections of testosterone  ,   which was quickly excreted and therefore  HARDER  to detect  .  
 Seriously  ,   pictures of Dave are  HARD  to come by  .  
 But exactly how to super serve them is the  HARD  part  .  
 `` Now that we come forward with the evidence  ,   this information is  HARDER  to ignore .   '  '  
 And although most journalists shy away from citing unnamed sources -- particularly such a pivotal one -- the rest of Matthiessen  ' s case is airtight  ,   and it is  HARD  to argue with anything he writes here  .  
 And it is  HARD  to ignore how vulnerable a worker can be when he or she depends on the boss for economic survival  .  
 she did not know  ,  but the contrast between these two dark  ,  bent figures collecting the  HARD   ,  dusty weeds and the flowering gardens of plenty around them remained in her mind ' s eye for some time and put her out of humour even before she had reached Magda ' s flat  .  
 It  ' s very  HARD  sitting here not being able to do what we can do .   '  '  
 The strange truth is that 1991 deficit is probably better than it sounds  ,   which would n ' t be  HARD   ,   because it sounds so terrible  .  
 Bolster  ,   president of the National Dry Bean Council  ,   knows more than most people how  HARD  it is to talk people -- and not just kids -- into eating more beans  .  
Reaching agreement on projects of value to the whole community has long been one of Greater Miami ' s  HARDEST  tasks .  
 Pool of talent is smaller ;  The reasons are  HARD  to pinpoint  .  
 It  ' s much  HARDER  to get into law school today than it was even six years ago  .  
 Random House  ,   263 pp .   ,   $18 . 95 ;  FROM Mark Salzman  ' s two books we are reminded of the following :  Truth often is stranger than fiction ;  nevertheless  ,   fiction is  HARDER  to write  .  
 Finding classes will be so  HARD  that Terry Dicianna  ,   chancellor of Hayward  ' s Chabot College  ,   predicts trying to enroll in his two campuses will be like shopping in a Russian supermarket : 
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to let go  .  
 It is  HARD  to imagine that the president -- who recently stood on the expansive lawn of a Roman villa and declared that the United States is not in recession -- regularly shops at J . C .  Penney  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  for me to believe that those three babies are ours .   '  '  
 I have a  HARD  time believing that I ' m almost 90 .   '  '  
 It  ' s very  HARD  to be here  .  
 Talk radio is a  HARD  format to sell to advertisers  ,   especially when your community  ' s small businesses are cutting corners to rebuild from an earthquake  .  
 I believe the  HARDEST  task we have right now is building a consensus among the smaller cities and counties  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to argue with that kind of decisiveness  ,   and HARD not to admire a new hotel that sells older wines at fair prices  .  
 Albert feels the same way  ,   although it  ' s  HARD   ,   he says  ,   to let go of the memories of the old house  .  
 While it  ' s  HARD  to argue that desk-top computers have n ' t boosted individual productivity  ,   computer systems can create as much trouble as benefit  .  
 Iraq surprised the experts by using a well-known  ,   old-fashioned  ,   unclassified and  HARD  to-detect  technology in its pursuit of highly enriched uranium  ,   the heart of any atomic weapon  .  
The Chicago contingent of modern critics follow Aristotle so far in this direction that it is  HARD  to see how they can compare one poem with another for the purpose of evaluation .  
 `` It is  HARD  to fathom  .  
 true  ,  it is  HARD  to imagine a la recherche without Charlus ; yet it is at least arguable that  ,  if Proust had made Charlus a womanizer  ,  and Albertine a perfectly normal heterosexual girl  ,  the novel would have been  ,  qua novel  ,  neither better nor worse than it is  .  
 Once inside the body it is  HARD  to extract and causes permanent damage  .  
 What  ' s so terrible about that  ?    '   "  ;  In the 1990s  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to pull off all this 1940s blinding passion without falling into self-parody  .  
 `` That  ' s awfully  HARD  to do against a ballclub like the Pittsburgh Pirates  ,   "  he said  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to tell whether scaffolding that marks some buildings is for repairs or new construction :  The architecture conforms regardless  .  
 Even if the city council approves the project tonight  ,   as expected  ,   the  HARDEST  part is still to come  .  
 It  ' s very  HARD  to screw down a lid on a society that has seen as much relative freedom as the Soviet Union has seen in the last couple of years  ,   "  Lyman said  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to tell you why I like `` The Torkelsons .   '  '  
 Is it really much  HARDER  to believe David Duke than it is to believe that Ted Kennedy is sensitive to the concerns of women  ,   or that Clarence Thomas never voiced his opinions about abortion  ?  
 That was a different problem :  music with so much baggage that it was  HARD  to find Caniparoli  ' s choreography  .  
 `` The first two years out were even  HARDER  than being in prison  ,   "  Castillo said  .  
 They had n ' t expected to worry about such somber matters as wills so early in their lives  ,   but it was n ' t so  HARD  really  ,   they said  .  
 Some of them he learns the  HARD  way  ,   "  said Huntsville pitching coach Bert Bradley  .  
 Diners will have a  HARD  time spending more than $5 or $6 for a good  ,   full meal here  .  
 `` I had somewhat of a  HARD  time right afterward  ,   "  said Woodcock  ,   who was a 6-3  ,   260 pound defensive lineman for the Detroit Lions from 1976 to 1980 and for the San Diego Chargers in  ' 80 and  ' 81  .  
 Still  ,   it is  HARD  not to be impressed by the E  .  
 Calculating the loss of attorneys  '  fees is a bit  HARDER   .  
 ( check )  It  ' s  HARD  to flatten pet food and tuna cans because they have a round lip on the bottom  .  
 Once he gets going  ,   he  ' s  HARD  to stop  .  
 Thus  ,   if Baker does not find a way to resolve the question of Palestinian representation  ,   it is  HARD  to see how a conference can begin  .  
``In the  HARD  life of politics it is well known that no platform nor any program advanced by either major American party has any purpose beyond expressing emotion '  '  .  
 Along with their parents  ,   they  ' re scrambling to stay upright in this wind-driven world  ,   and sometimes that  ' s  HARD  ;  sometimes they get knocked down  .  
 An hour  ' s perusal of our national charter makes it  HARD  to understand what the argle-bargle is about  .  
 `` When you deal with that kind of ( margin of )  error  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to say what  ' s happening  ,   "  said Dr .  Michael Mares  ,   a zoologist at the University of Oklahoma who is an expert on Central and South American tropical habitats  .  
 McDonnell thinks she got the backbone she needs as an actress because she was a competitive swimmer when she was growing up :  `` It was n ' t  HARD  for me to develop the ideas of discipline and pressure and having to be ready at the moment the whistle blows  ,   and you  ' re on .   '  '  
 Back in the halls of parliament  ,   the political leaders dedicated to leading their nations into independence say they know it is  HARD  for their people now  .  
 `` The  HARDEST  thing for me is if someone dies  ,   "  says Young  .  
 It is not  HARD  to imagine this leading to a confrontation like one that occurred in 1968 between then Secretary of State Dean Rusk and ABC newsman John Scali  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to know how to react to such tidbits  .  
 Hodge has marvelous presence  ,   but she  ' s so angry it  ' s  HARD  to like her  .  
Particularly  HARD  for the therapist to grasp are those instances in which the patient is manifesting an introject traceable to something in the therapist ,  some aspect of the therapist of which the latter is himself only poorly aware ,  and the recognition of which ,  as a part of himself ,  he finds distinctly unwelcome .  
``Sure ,  we met a barrel of rich men but it ' s  HARD  to find the real thing when you ' re young ,  beautiful and the toast of two continents '  '  . `` 
 While all will have roofs over their heads  ,   Moriarty said the fire will make it  HARDER  for his group to find affordable  ,   independent living arrangements for former psychiatric patients  .  
 `` I ' m sure it was a little  HARD  for some guys to swallow when they looked at the qualifying sheet and saw she had finished ahead of them .   '  '  
 Emotionally  ,   it would be too  HARD  to try it again .   '  '  
 There  ' s probably a silly look on his face  ,   although it  ' s  HARD  to tell with insects  .  
 Making a new machine and sending out officials of duly ascertained fitness for a great work of social reform is no child  ' s task ; but this task was even  HARDER   ,  for a new central organization had to be fitted on a heterogeneous and confused but already existing system of relief and control of ex-slaves ; and the agents available for this work must be sought for in an army still busy with war operations  ,  -- men in the very nature of the case ill fitted for delicate social work  ,  -- or among the questionable camp followers of an invading host  .  
 Their crews are facing  HARD  choices as they seek Navy billets elsewhere  ,   ashore or at sea  .  
He was shouting and breathing  HARD  and closing his fist on the pillow .  
 Because depression-glass kitchen items are increasingly  HARD  to find  ,   Faria often buys just one piece of an item at a time  .  
 `` Most parents have a  HARD  time leaving a child at a child care center  ,   and the parents who work at Syntex are able to reassure one another  ,   "  Samoff said  .  
 IT WOULD be  HARD  to imagine anyone not feeling emotional about the tragedy that occurred on the Sacramento River  ,   but to those who knew the river  ,   it is overwhelming  .  
 Because of the panoramic format  ,   you may have a  HARD  time keeping the horizon level  .  
 It was  HARD  to settle on just three entrees  ,   as I was also trying to negotiate the Bangkok chicken linguine ( $7 . 95 )  with marinated chicken breast  ,   julienned carrots  ,   green onion and roasted peanuts in a Thai-peanut-ginger sauce  .  
 For sheer spirit  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to imagine how we  ' ll top it when our own arena opens in two years  .  
 Maybe  ,   although it  ' s  HARD  to see how they  ' re anywhere near as good as they  ' re playing  .  
 As for `` Because It Is Bitter  ,   "  `` I just remember how  HARD  it was to write  .  
 `` This has been the most thrilling year of my life and the  HARDEST  .   '  '  
 `` But it  ' s  HARD  convincing people that they  ' re wrong .   '  '  
 The story goes back three years when `` Susan  '  '  was pregnant with twins and having a  HARD  time doing her housework and laundry  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to go into detail  ,   "  Apple  ' s chief financial officer  ,   Joseph A .  Graziano  ,   said in an interview this week  .  
 As  HARD  as it is to believe  ,   with the exception of Waits  '  well-named Wolfie  ,   no one leaves much of an impression  .  
 The game was n ' t out of the ordinary by A  ' s standards at 3 hours  ,   18 minutes  ,   but it  ' s  HARD  to believe good pitching could look this bad  .  
 It seems  HARD  to believe that Nancy Reagan  ,   the former first lady best known for her love of expensive clothes and elegant parties  ,   could have played a central role in fashioning the policies of the Reagan administration  .  
It is  HARDER  ,  he muttered ,  to meditate on man (or woman) than on God .  
 Q :  Was it  HARD  to get the music community to take you seriously after Keith Partridge  ?  
 `` There were people there  ,   the fire burned from there  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to imagine any other possibility  ,   "  he said  .  
 `` It  ' s really  HARD  to put it in one word like that .   '  '  
 ( box )  To start a screw in a  HARD  to-reach  spot  ,   push the screw through a slit in a piece of masking tape  ,   adhesive side up  .  
 `` It  ' s so great knowing a woman who actually knows how  HARD  the field is  ,   who has traveled the road  ,   who encourages me  .  
 Q What  HARD  decisions will your successor have to make  ?  
 Denying women combat experience  ,   Ireland rightly noted  ,   makes it  HARDER  for them to climb up the military career ladder  .  
 The sound of sappy ;  Meanwhile  ,   over on the networks  ,   it would be  HARD  to think of a stupider-sounding series title than `` The Torkelsons  ,   "  the down-home sitcom that makes its debut tonight on NBC  .  
 Schrader said there  ' s plenty of overtime to go around because the jobs are extremely demanding and it  ' s  HARD  to keep employees  .  
 `` There are so many of them articles carrying on about my chest that it  ' s  HARD  for people to look at me in the face anymore  .  
 I found the beatific and beaming Randall  HARDER  to stomach than the demonic version  ,   who unloads on his divorced mother ( JoBeth Williams in the latest in a seemingly endless string of thankless supporting roles )  and favors his obnoxious absentee father ( Christopher McDonald of `` Thelma & Louise  '  '  )   .  
 The arrangement makes it  HARD  for an upstart firm to break in  ,   since it must take these costs out of profit  ,   equity or borrowings  .  
 Players are aware of this paradox ;  it  ' s one reason they often tend to keep non-players at a distance -- they know it looks easy and they know how  HARD  it is  .  
 It  ' s much  HARDER  than doing something totally out in left field with no regard ( for sales )   .  
 Among the believers gathered to witness this pass-( box )  Scaling sacred peaks  ,   Page 9C ;  ( box )  Seder for Soviet emigres  ,   Page 9C ;  ( box )  Churches battle over Mayans  ,   Page 9C ;  ing  ,   parallels to the Easter story are  HARD  to ignore  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to say what Mandela  ,   noticeably grim-faced next to his jubilant  ,   fist-raising wife as they left the courthouse  ,   will do if her conviction is upheld  .  
 Lord  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to have one child over there  .  
 `` We had a very  HARD  winter here  .  
 `` You  ' ll have a  HARD  time sensationalizing ( the story )  this month  ,   "  said Cuddy  ,   manager of the Los Altos office of Seville Properties  .  
 `` The way they just went out and rolled over people when everybody was after them really impressed me because that  ' s so  HARD  to do  ,   "  she said  .  
 `` Nothing about this is going to be easy  ,   "  said Lt .  Col .  Hu Blazer  ,   a U . S .  Army maintenance battalion commander who learned the  HARD  way in Vietnam the limits of air support in a ground war  .  
 the object under construction is rarely if ever worth completion for itself  ,  nor is some immediate justification for discontinuing the work -LRB-  e . g blunt tenon-saw or shortage of 1 1/2  screws  -RRB-  HARD  to find  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to get a good picture of what happens when you emerge from bankruptcy court  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to imagine when viewing St .  John  ' s forward Malik Sealy  ' s fluid and productive style of play that the Bronx  ,   N . Y .   ,   native lacked the confidence as a teen-ager to play the city game  .  
 Is it getting  HARDER  in this time of layoffs and budget cutbacks for the boss to get along with employees  ?  
 It  ' s  HARD  sharing a demented sense of humor  .  
 During the long  ,   Dr .  Zhivago winters  ,   life gets even  HARDER  outside the cities  ,   and many Soviet ports freeze shut  .  
 Katz said that though the United States `` wo n ' t pull the plug  '  '  on deals already completed  ,   it obviously will be  HARD  to extend credit in the future unless things change in the Baltics  .  
 Even though it  ' s  HARD  to speculate what really happened to the Lord Mayor  ' s appointment or election  ,   if one were a wagering man it would be worth betting a drachma or two that Lawrence of Stone found a way to become king  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to fume and yawn at the same  .  
 `` It was real  HARD  getting started again  ,   "  says Hauser  ,   laughing  .  
 why one can not predict that some of our children and perhaps all of them will experience the same sort of reaction after similar training is  HARD  to understand  ,  yet so convinced are educators that aesthetic experience is no more than a capricious and individual matter of taste that they find this sort of evidence unconvincing  .  
 It might be even  HARDER  to concentrate with a big lead  .  
 Stolen chips  HARD  to trace ;  When the stolen chips infiltrate the market -- mixed in with legitimately sold chips -- they become extremely difficult to trace  ,   police say  .  
 But she  ' s having a  HARD  time getting white men to believe that  .  
 With the national case count climbing toward 200  ,  000  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to cling to the naive belief that life is under our complete control  .  
 But Vice Principal Len Jacques said students are not allowed to promote political positions .  ( dot ) Page 1B ;  Business ;  MORE BUSINESS NEWS ( dot )  SECTION D ;  Recession has hit state ;  far  HARDER  than first thought ;  California has lost 240  ,  000 jobs during the recession  ,   nearly seven times greater than earlier estimates  ,   state officials report  .  
 `` Premature death is always  HARD  to accept  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  for me to believe  '  '  that the fact Bush is a son of the president did n ' t play a role in Ryan  ' s decision  ,   said Rep .  Bruce F .  Vento  ,   D-Minn  .  
 On one hand  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to leave a successful series ;  on the other hand there are other things she wants to do  .  
 Con Maloney  ,   who owned the Jackson Mets before the team pulled out last year  ,   said  ,   `` To believe they told their people to maim someone  ,   that would be awfully  HARD  for me to accept  .  
 The proposed measures also would make it  HARDER  to obtain visas  ,   reinforce personnel at immigration posts and set tougher penalties for employers who use illegal immigrant workers  .  
 After the war  ,   we will discover a vast pool of anti-Saddam feeling among Iraqis not in his secret police ;  indeed  ,   it may be  HARD  to find a Saddam supporter among the myriad `` good  '  '  Iraqis who will swear they did not know anything about the atrocities against the Kurds  .  
 `` If you make it too  HARD  for the tenants it is n ' t going to work  ,   "  Cobb said  .  
 When I ask people nearby to keep their radios off  ,   they act like I am crazy and give me a  HARD  time  .  
But it ' s  HARD  to imagine Mr .  Burman as a Nobel laureate on the basis of these charming but not really momentous fables .  
 The  HARD  part is choosing which utility package to buy  .  
 `` Duct tape is very  HARD  to get fingerprints from  ,   "  said Pennington  .  
She was certain now that it would be no  HARDER  to bear her child here in such pleasant surroundings than at home in the big white house in Haverhill .  
 But because it jumped from one location to another -- through no fault of its own ;  blame redevelopment and an earthquake -- it was sometimes  HARD  to track  .  
 As the mostly tanned  ,   mostly blond young men boarded the yacht for a tour of Alcatraz  ,   it was  HARD  to imagine them living somewhere other than in California  .  
 `` I know I had a  HARD  time focusing  .  
It probably wasn ' t  HARD  for him to keep his nose to the grindstone with nothing but Edythe to come home to .  
 Frankly  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to imagine Barbara Bush exposing her shoulders in one of these dresses  ,   but on many women it could be a flattering look  .  
 Where all the blame should rest  ,  it is  HARD  to say ; whether the Bureau and the Bank died chiefly by reason of the blows of its selfish friends or the dark machinations of its foes  ,  perhaps even time will never reveal  ,  for here lies unwritten history  .  
 Fishing and recreation groups are pushing  HARD  to gain access  .  
 It  ' s  HARD   ,   even  ,   to remember what BCCI means ( Bank of Credit and Commerce International  ,   actually )   .  
 `` He  ' s a  HARD  character because he  ' s so powerful  ,   but he  ' s also kind of soft-spoken  ,   "  she said  .  
 An easy laugh may be  HARD  to find  ,   but we were determined to locate a decent comedy club on a recent Saturday night  .  
 `` It might be  HARD  for some black people to tell if this is a slap or not  ,   because some black people are so used to getting slapped  ,   "  said Public Enemy spokesman Harry Allen  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to pinpoint why this happened .   '  '  
 Yet it  ' s not  HARD  to understand the impulse to procrastinate  .  
 Many mere mortals have had a  HARD  time understanding how Ivana -- who has been wavering over the settlement -- could just say no to that kind of dough  .  
 Although nurses in the Pediatrics Department long to leave their cramped quarters  ,   it will be  HARDER  for nurses at the old Children  ' s Hospital to say goodbye to their comfortable adobe  ,   red-tile roof campus  .  
 `` This program is  HARD  work  .  
 Not a retailer by training or nature  ,   Ahmed said he has learned some  HARD  lessons  .  
 `` It was the  HARDEST  and most frustrating thing in my life  .  
 Bermuda is a place where it  ' s  HARD  to retain the reflexive fear that so many travelers are feeling  ,   since it  ' s HARD to conjure up too many terrorists in this pastoral  ,   peaceful place  .  
 Board member Jan Becerra is hoping she wo n ' t have to make a  HARD  choice between educating the district  ' s parents and its high school students  .  
He had the  HARDEST  pains of growing before him now ,  as he approached twelve .  
 Today  ,   most lay people or tourists would have a  HARD  time finding any trace of oil along the sound  ' s inlets and crags  ,   and many species of animals  ,   including the otter  ,   bald eagle and assorted water birds  ,   have bounced back  .  
 -- J . D .  Vanderlaan ;  Los Gatos ;  DON ' T LET YOUR PETS GET SPOOKED OCT .  31 ;  Halloween is around the corner  ,   a  HARD  time for our four-legged friends  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to beat free  .  
 His music is subtle and soft and  ,   for me  ,    HARD  to resist  .  
 It  ' s pretty  HARD   ,   but we have reasonable prices  .  
 There are only seven legitimate candidates among the 24 games  ,   and it  ' s not  HARD  to throw out two of them :  Pittsburgh-Los Angeles in Super Bowl XIV and Dallas-Baltimore in Super Bowl V  .  
 I ' M READY WHEN YOU ARE  ,   COACH ;  Nebraska  ' s punter is Mike Stigge  ,   but it  ' s  HARD  to tell  .  
 ONCE you  ' ve mastered basic polenta -- which is n ' t so  HARD  to master -- you can top it with a variety of sauces  .  
 It  ' s not  HARD  to believe this is the album Lynyrd Skynyrd would have made if not for that 1977 plane wreck  .  
 It  ' s relatively easy to run plumbing to first-floor baths through a basement or crawl space underneath  ,   but it gets  HARDER  on upper floors  ,   where there may not be enough space between the floor and ceiling to install pipes properly  .  
 because of the use of special terminologies  ,  the newer mathematical subjects may be meaningless to teachers in the schools -LRB-  or even to some university mathematicians  -RRB-  ,  but this does not necessarily make them  HARDER  for the student  .  
 The busy quality of the pattern integrates odd-shaped spaces that are  HARD  to unify  ,   such as a bedroom  ,   dressing room and bath or a room with eaves and beams at odd angles  .  
 One of the keys to developing a nest egg so you can be financially independent is to `` pay yourself  '  '  each month  ,   which is as  HARD  to do as stopping smoking or losing weight  ,   Young says  .  
 Arabs in the anti-Iraq coalition also are finding it  HARD  to resist a feeling of melancholy about this Iraqi enemy -- fellow soldiers on the receiving end of a lopsided pummeling from the sky  .  
 `` Being a coach off campus is very  HARD   ,   "  Tobeck said  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  enough driving  .  
 But he had a  HARD  time persuading cash-strapped companies to pay him to reinvent their wheels  .  
 That little guy ;  `` It  ' s  HARD  because people want to know you  ' re a certain thing  ,   "  he says  .  
 Yet  ,   surprisingly  ,   they introduce an insidious frailty in the information-processing chain which is  HARD  to fathom  .  
 `` They keep saying ( the Turtles are n ' t real )   ,   but I find that  HARD  to believe  ,   "  he says  .  
 `` It  ' s pretty  HARD  to get a big head when you get these strange looks and catcalls .   '  '  
 Notices of meetings often are boring and  HARD  to understand  ,   she said  .  
 The match was  HARD  to make  .  
 `` This is what  ' s  HARD   ,   "  she said  ,   slipping her patient a couple of biscuits  ,   which he gobbles down in seconds  .  
 So when Continental decreed that women must paint their faces  ,   it would have been  HARD  to find a more suitable challenger  .  
 But Hammer is right :  It  ' s  HARD  to determine what people want  ,   and even then  ,   giving it to them is a touchy point -- especially when you don ' t have much money to get it  .  
 After years of thinking like that  ,   it will be  HARD  for Apple programmers to feel open and comfortable with IBM  ' s hand on the keyboard  ,   too  .  
 Which  ,   given the circumstances  ,   was not that  HARD  to do  .  
 Now  ,   `` it  ' s  HARD  to find any real pocket of strength  '  '  in the sector  ,   said economist Gilbert Benz of the Swiss Bank Corp .  in New York  .  
 In private interviews with district administrators  ,   central services managers  ,   accounting leaders and other representatives  ,   the auditors heard the same story :  `` The chancellor is  HARD  to work for ;  he shoots messengers .   '  '  
 `` This game is so  HARD   ,   "  Williams said  .  
 But given the considerable sovereignty assumed in the interim by most republic governments  ,   it is  HARD  to visualize how deputies from republics like Ukraine can be persuaded to attend a new session  .  
 `` It was  HARD  to sit there and listen to everything about the defendant and nothing about our loved ones .   '  '  
 It seems like a normal  ,   sane person would start easy and get warmed up before tackling the  HARDER  anagrams  .  
 It makes their grim future as pawns of humankind even  HARDER  to take  .  
 It  ' s kind of  HARD  to imagine he did  ,   but sad to think that maybe he did n ' t  .  
 `` I feel there is a certain serenity about this location that  ' s  HARD  to duplicate  ,   "  he said  .  
 Every time a cruise missile landed and each time an AWACS plane took off in the Persian Gulf  ,   it was  HARD  to restrain myself from shouting :  `` My God  ,   how many Head Start slots was that  ?  
 The Concerto for Orchestra is one of our century  ' s classics ;  the `` Miraculous Mandarin  '  '  Suite  ,   from the dance piece  ,   is  HARDER  to bring off  ,   but Adam brings out its gutsy passion of the macabre  .  
 Breakdowns in police discipline are inevitable in every department  ,   but the public hears little of it because internal investigations and police shield laws make information  HARD  to get  .  
 Recipes for the special sauce are  HARD  to find  ,   but Jamawatr was gracious enough to share hers  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  not knowing when your future  ' s going to arrive  ,   "  said Coonerty on Thursday  .  
 Making the T-1000 move like a believable human being was one of their  HARDEST  tasks  .  
 And a reporter who heard someone say something damaging  ,   but did not have a tape recorder running  ,   might have a much  HARDER  time convincing an editor to publish the quote  .  
 It  ' s really  HARD  to continue working there because no one comes up and says  ' I know what  ' s happening  ,    '  even though I know everyone knows it is  .  
 Brown trout  ,   the  HARDEST  fish in the lake to catch  ,   also are caught by toplining with Rebels or Rapalas according to Martin  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  not to hear Reno  .  
 Being tough is obviously a lot  HARDER  when your subject is right next to you rather than staring into a camera in a different room  .  
 Then again  ,   it would be  HARD  not to improve if the only thing you can do in practice is shoot free throws  .  
 And she would tell her father  ,   college Professor Alann Steen  ,   how  HARD  it has been during his 4 1/2 years of captivity to guard her emotions  .  
 My work schedule made it  HARD  to go along and my wife said I should n ' t make the effort because I would n ' t `` fit in .   '  '  
 It  ' s  HARD  for me to remember now the first impression  ,   I  ' ve seen the movies so often  .  
 Seifert  ,   who is 36-11 as a head coach and perhaps learning a number of  HARD  but necessary lessons these days  ,   will need to evaluate his assistants with the idea of altering some responsibilities  ,   if not the cast  .  
 The  HARDEST  part is knowing the threat exists for your whole life .   '  '  
 Diet woes ;  Oh  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to diet when all around you are munching constantly  .  
 These changes could occur in all or just some of your hair follicles  ,   Stenn said  ,   so it is  HARD  to say how dramatically different your silvering hair will be  .  
 It was  HARD  to imagine anything of Byrne  ' s matching the elegant simplicity of Copland  ' s pastoral ode  .  
 `` Think about how  HARD  it is to get these Joes to use a condom when they know they could die from a coital act  ,   "  says Gabriel Baily  ,   director of the contraceptive development branch of the National Institutes of Health in Washington  ,   D . C  .  
 ( box ) `` Take it on faith that the first five years are very  ,   very difficult  ,   that the first one is particularly  HARD  and that your first job will probably not be the ultimate job .   '  '  
 `` It  ' s going to make it really  HARD  for working and non-traditional students to continue their education  ,   and it  ' s going to make many students cease their education .   '  '  
 It would be  HARD  for the state to say where   .  
 From Liz Smith in New York ;  A  ' LOVE LETTERS  '  FIRST :  It  ' s  HARD  to believe  ,   but over the past two years and the countless productions of A . R .  Gurney  ' s `` Love Letters  '  '  that have been performed both here and abroad  ,   the two-character play has never featured an interracial couple  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to keep coming up with incentives to keep you focused on your body  .  
 `` The games here are  HARD   ,   but fair  ,   "  says Santa Cruz High junior Mike McGuinness  ,   now in his third year at the Boardwalk  .  
 The Democratic proposal is intended to overturn 1989 Supreme Court rulings that civil rights lawyers say make it  HARDER  for plaintiffs to win employment discrimination suits  .  
 `` A low-cost producer like BofA can do a lot better  ,   but it  ' s  HARD  to get the return on equity that  ' s exceptional .   '  '  
 It would be  HARD  to ask for more  .  
 Short of stationing Peter Arnett atop Kelley  ' s roof in Georgetown  ,   in fact  ,   it is  HARD  to imagine more of an all-out blitz to get to the bottom of the Big Story -- or at least the Big Questions  .  
 Hour after hour last week  ,   it was  HARD  not to sympathize with the woman known on most channels as the `` alleged victim .   '  '  
 Thirty years with United Way are  HARD  to shake  .  
 horses and hounds have had a  HARD  time in going like porridge  ,  and exceptionally long days  ,  and even in the bigger establishments there are signs of wear-and-tear  .  
 `` I try not to think about it but with everybody asking me about it it  ' s  HARD  not to  ,   "  Maddox said  .  
 `` It will be  HARD  for all of us to see some wonderful  ,   passionate and talented employees leave the company .   '  '  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to explain  ,   to put into words  ,   "  Becker said of reaching the top of the rankings  .  
 `` Remember how  HARD  it was to catch ( former Panamanian President Manuel )  Noriega  ?  
 GENTLE READER -- Surely it is  HARD  enough to get someone to pass the potatoes  ,   without the added burden of polling them on how they feel about it  .  
 `` Housing was  HARD  to find  ,   and there was a vacant bed in the house  .  
 `` Look  ,   this medal is a lot  HARDER  to wear than it is to earn  ,   "  says former Boatswain  ' s Mate 1st Class Elliott Williams  ,   now a 60-year-old retired U . S .  marshal from Palm Coast  ,   Fla  .  
 `` And even if I were ready for the risk  ,   the laws here are always confusing and contradictory  ,   and it  ' s  HARD  to believe that what is true for today will be true for tomorrow  .  
 Since then  ,   it has become  HARD  to detect a heartbeat at some U . S .  hotels  .  
 It  ' s not only  HARD  on the women  ,   but children who lack a secure family life suffer a lot  .  
 Barking is loud  ,   noisy  ,   repetitive  ,   easy to locate and  HARD  to ignore  .  
 The Blackhawks have 12 new faces on their roster  ,   and some of the players are having a  HARD  time understanding the logic of moves made by Mike Keenan  ,   the team  ' s coach and general manager  .  
 For example  ,   flat-panel displays have become an important part of the chain  ,   and if we get decimated in it and the Japanese or another party dominates it  ,   it will be very  HARD  to keep the rest of the chain going  .  
 And it will be  HARD  for President F . W .  de Klerk to pardon her without inflaming the passions of right-wing whites and perhaps quite a few blacks  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  not to think of winning  ,   but you try to get it out of your mind as quick as you can  ,   "  he said  .  
 `` It  ' s a very interesting place to work  ,   but I can see why some people have a  HARD  time imagining what it  ' s like  ,   "  says Nate Gossett  .  
 With that feeling  ,   if you don ' t feel bad about what you  ' re doing  ,   if you don ' t feel guilty  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to be a criminal  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to believe  ,   but it  ' s true  .  
 `` Things like friends  ,   "  Keefe said  ,   trying to explain his decision to remain at Stanford  ,   `` it  ' s  HARD  to assign a dollar figure to that .   '  '  
 The city will have a  HARD  time replacing him with someone of equal caliber  .  
 The paradox is that BabyCal promotes a  HARD  to-get  service  .  
 First reports said the town of Dzhava  ,   60 miles northwest of the Georgian capital of Tbilisi  ,   was  HARDEST  hit  .  
 However the recession ends  ,   poverty specialists say  ,   significant numbers of poor and unemployed people are going to have a  HARDER  time getting past this economic downturn than the longer  ,   harsher recession of the early 1980s  .  
 `` I had to learn it the  HARD  way  ,   but I ' m still just a country girl  .  
One of the  HARDEST  chores a detective has is hanging around on a city street ,  trying to make himself inconspicuous ,  keeping an eye on the entrance of an office building and waiting .  
 One 46-year-old woman  ,   who had just been laid off from a 14-month temporary job at a local electronics company  ,   said positions in her field are much  HARDER  to find now than during the last national recession  .  
 The umpires said it was  HARD  having to work Sunday night  ' s game  .  
 `` It is  HARD  to say how many children need care  ,   "  said Helen Blank  ,   a senior child care associate in the non-profit Family Support Division of the Children  ' s Defense Fund  ,   based in Washington  ,   D . C  .  
 But they multiply so rapidly that it is  HARD  to tell how long they will take to become numerous enough to destroy vegetables and nursery stocks  .  
 But DOS is too  HARD  to use  ,   so Windows is put on top of it  .  
 But even if you live around the corner  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to help while handling other responsibilities  .  
 Without knowing the people involved  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to tell whether FAIR is racist  .  
 It  ' s a  HARD  book to adapt  ,   but I think this might be the right time for it  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  enough for folks to pay all their bills in these trying economic times without having to pay to replace smashed windows  ,   too  .  
 It  ' s very  HARD  to explain  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to give up that kind of easy-money lifestyle  ,   says Rhonda Owens  ,   a Doll House manager  .  
 That  ' s too bad  ,   because it sends the wrong message to the network budget slashers  ,   who will make each succeeding international crisis  HARDER  to cover  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to believe that more good fiction could be scrabbled out of those 669 square miles of red clay  ,   but Brown is equal to the challenge  .  
 Ready-to-drink red wines are sometimes  HARD  to find  ,   which is why Mirassou  ' s non-vintage Lot No .  4 zinfandel is welcome  .  
 And managing an institution across the country might be  HARD   .  
 Of course  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to shake the defeatist mentality that exists in Cleveland  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to tell from the synopses whether the series will wrap up with a neat ending or a lot of loose ends still untied  .  
 Virtually unemployable in the  ' 50s  ,   as either writer or director  ,   Sturges concluded :  `` It appeared that I had developed a reputation for being too expensive and  HARD  to handle to boot  .  
 One thing that is  HARD  to track is maintenance  .  
 He said it is  HARDER  for companies to achieve dramatic cutbacks because jobs and economic well-being are often related to water consumption  .  
 But Bushman and others say the  HARDEST  part is not simply submitting the drawings and application to the county  .  
 It  ' s not  HARD  for John Dotter to draw his own conclusions  .  
 `` It  ' s really  HARD  to believe  ,   "  Edberg said of his fifth career Grand Slam title and his first of 1991  .  
 Prime Minister P . V .  Narasimha Rao told India on Saturday that it faced a serious economic crisis that could only be resolved by  HARD  decisions  ,   new foreign investment and an end to the inefficiency that cripples the country  ' s growth  .  
 That  ' s the  HARDEST  part of this job  ,   talking to extremely smart people who have forgotten how to speak English  .  
 `` It  ' s been  HARD  on some of the students here  ,   especially after the Cori Gordillo incident  ,   "  Principal David Duncan said  .  
 `` The first couple of days were  HARD   .  
 She slipped into the family as though she belonged there  ,   but the adjustment was  HARD  anyway  .  
 As I wade into this year  ' s batch of Christmas goodies  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to be too empathetic  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to remember the details  ,   but I looked at the instruments and could n ' t see them for the smoke .   '  '  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  for people to remember to turn off the lights in those big halls  ,   especially when they think others are coming in  ,   "  Miller said  .  
 But at the same time  ,   most people will say Irv is sort of  HARD  to get to know .   '  '  
 The lack of attention paid Morris is n ' t that  HARD  to understand  .  
 The first step  ,   Chambers says  ,   is getting the orchid plant out of the pot  ,   and this can be  HARDER  than it sounds if the roots completely fill the pot  .  
 Palms ;  It  ' s  HARD  to tell whether a damaged palm will pull through  ,   Carman says  .  
 this is familiar ground  ,  and it is  HARD  to see how the distinction can be rigorously carried through ; `` having an independent meaning  '  '  is probably equivalent to the fact that a gloss can be given by a native speaker to the word in isolation  ,  and this is likely to be a matter of degree rather than of a binary division into two classes  .  
 Things are  HARDER  for the musically inclined  .  
 `` Once the time change occurs  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to make nighttime practices  ,   "  he says  .  
 `` When you lay  ' em flat  ,   they  ' re  HARD  to see  ,   "  Dollie Vargas explains  .  
 `` She called me at home and said  ,    ' I know it  ' s a  HARD  time  ,   but we were just wondering if we could expect you back to work or not  ,    '   "  Adame says  .  
 `` Did n ' t Artie call the theater and say  ' I better be treated fairly  ,   or they  ' ll be blown away  ?    '   "  ;  Bajo replied  ,   `` What he really said was something like -- excuse my language --  ' f---  ' em up .   '   "  ;  Mariah found it  HARD  to understand how this could set off her uncle Jim  .  
 Or maybe it  ' s just  HARD  for a bar band to be a bar band in a rehearsed  ,   packed amphitheater show  .  
 Laird pointed out  ,   though  ,   that `` it  ' s  HARD  to keep a handle on statistics  .  
 It is as if a gray spot has covered up these topics  ,   too  ,   making it  HARD  to see clearly  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  enough bringing up a child with a partner to help  ,   much less alone  ,   which is why only half of the women who go to the network  ' s meetings considering the route go ahead with it  .  
 `` But the bottom line is I lost in the first round  ,   so it  ' s  HARD  to get overly positive .   '  '  
 Also  ,   fewer qualified people are entering the workforce  ,   so it  ' s  HARDER  to find highly skilled workers  .  
 Which only made 16-year-old Richy Silva Jr .   ' s death in a 1984 traffic accident that much  HARDER  to accept  .  
 So once again it comes to  HARD  choices for women and their families  .  
 `` It  ' s never easy to say you were in jail  ,   and to say it was under those circumstances was so very  HARD   ,   "  said Stanley Toshio Hara  ,   a retired Ford Motor Co .  worker who lives in Berryessa  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to comment on anything we have n ' t seen  ,   "  she said  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARDER  to get people to stop driving cars .   '  '  
 He who fills that role will be  HARD  pressed  to match the numbers amassed by Charles  ,   who earned a scholarship to Division II Portland State  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  for me to understand the justice there  ,   "  Rita Baumann  ,   president of the Blue Earth County Humane Society  ,   said of the sentencing by Nicollet County District Judge Warren Litynski  .  
 `` It  ' s really  HARD  to believe the Yankees wo n ' t take him  ,   "  Brock said  .  
 `` We have a  HARD  time doing anything together .   '  '  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to tell what the future will bring  .  
 Even Hurley says :  `` It  ' s  HARD  to believe we can come out positive in that matchup .   '  '  
 Because it  ' s so  HARD  to read :  To appreciate a novel  ,   to get irony  ,   to get jokes  ,   and all that  ,   you have to be an extremely good reader  .  
 But 500 years later it  ' s  HARD  to keep straight what came from where  .  
 No mortar shells ;  The Marines stuck on Hill 99 also point out that it would be  HARD  to serve as a deterrent  ,   since they have little or no ammunition  .  
 `` It  ' s that ephemeral  ,    HARD  to-pin-down  sense of feeling better when you exercise  ,   "  says Judy Mahl Lutter  ,   president of the Melpomene Institute  ,   a national organization that researches women  ' s health issues  ,   based in St .  Paul  ,   Minn  .  
 For about $5 a bottle  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to beat  .  
 Fast-rising country music star Lorrie Morgan understands two things well :  how to sing and write hit songs and how  HARD  it is being a working mom  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to believe people were once able to do that without a trace of irony  .  
 Women raped by men they know -- either a date or another male acquaintance -- have a much  HARDER  time recovering from the trauma than women who are raped by strangers  ,   recent research shows  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to define broad zones  .  
 `` It  ' s still  HARD  to believe  ,   "  Wallace Williams said Wednesday evening  ,   clutching his son  ' s photograph in the dimly lighted living room of his Oakland apartment  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  for either Jamie or I to replace Brent  ,   "  Walls said  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to imagine Ronnie Schell starring in Dead Poets Society  ,   teaming with Eddie Murphy on Saturday Night Live  ,   or even being a Wild and Crazy Guy -- but then  ,   maybe Schell is just too funny for what the city  ' s become  .  
 `` Our players have done it the  HARD  way to get to 7-3  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to believe  ,   but there are still some people around here who don ' t want people to know their son or loved one died of AIDS  ,   "  Nanez-Cedillo said  .  
 If  ,   indeed  ,   the `` truth  '  '  could be for sale  ,   it would be  HARD  to imagine it better packaged for best-sellerdom than here in `` Under Fire .   '  '  ( box ) 
 `` I  ' ve made a transition in this area  ,   too  ,   although it  ' s very  HARD   .  
 The bill would :  ;  ( box ) Reverse six 1989 Supreme Court decisions that made it  HARDER  for women and members of minority groups to win job-discrimination lawsuits against employers  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  for a lot of people to imagine that things in their own personal environment are hazardous to them  ,   "  said Adam Finkel of Resources for the Future  ,   a Washington  ,   D . C .  think tank  .  
 it  ' s awfully  HARD  to walk in the water  .  
 In an age when almost any repeated activity can be considered an addiction  ,   it  ' s  HARD  not to see video games as the No .  1 obsession of today  ' s youth  .  
 And it is  HARD  to say what winter will bring  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to believe that the farmer in Pierce  ,   Neb .   ,   could be so naive  .  
 `` It  ' s really  HARD  to tell  ,   "  Jackson said  .  
 I think it would be  HARD  to explain this kind of variation with a natural object  ,   even a small one .   '  '  
 Gleisher  ,   who ran the advertising campaign in Young  ' s first mayoral race  ,   said the police department has been `` a personal tool of his  ,   "  adding  ,   `` He is going to have a  HARD  time restoring confidence in it .   '  '  
 VCRs are flashing `` 12 : 00  '  '  from coast to coast ;  last October  ,   the New York Times editorialized that the  HARDEST  part of adjusting to the end of Daylight Savings Time is reprogramming the digital clocks on VCRs  ,   coffee makers and microwave ovens  .  
 SEEMS  HARD  to believe PBS  ' s `` Masterpiece Theatre  '  '  will celebrate its 20th anniversary this weekend  .  
 With the news full of stories of war crimes and prisoner exchanges  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to remember that there was a time -- not so long ago -- that we were toasting the end of the Cold War and looking forward to `` the peace dividend .   '  '  
 But it  ' s  HARD  to keep up  ,   because the RTC still has an estimated $160 billion worth left to sell  ,   plus the assets of hundreds of S&Ls that are targeted for takeover during the next two years  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to find nice clothes on the West Coast ;  I travel and I buy a lot of my clothes in the East  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to tell what impact  ,   if any  ,   these studies have had  .  
 `` People who are gay will be coming back who fought  ,   and the military will have a  HARD  time explaining why that happened because our presence is supposed to be disruptive in the military  ,   "  Paul Di Donato  ,   executive director of the San Francisco-based National Gay Rights Advocates  .  
 That is n ' t  HARD  to imagine  ,   especially after they  ' ve seen their president come begging for notice from indifferent Washington  .  
 The rates are higher for customers who live in  HARD  to-reach  areas of the city or those who do not place their cans at the curb  .  
 How Israel and the Arab states could reassure one another enough to disarm is  HARD  to imagine  .  
 As libel trials are usually long and expensive  ,   news organizations try  HARD  to avoid them  .  
 Unauthorized demand drafts are extremely  HARD  to detect because they  ' re usually done on high-quality laser printers and look professional  ,   Adamski said  .  
 The budget cuts raised the ire of some Palo Alto parents  ,   who feared changes in bus service might make it  HARDER  for their children to get to school  .  
 When you get in the system  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to get out  .  
 It is very  HARD  for me to believe that you took the life of any human being  ,   much less my wife .   '  '  
 `` Times are  HARD  and I need to feed my children  ,   "  said one man  ,   explaining why he turned in three small-caliber handguns  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to believe you can lose nine of 10 and then come back with a game like this  ,   "  Molitor said  .  
 It may have been accidental  ,   but when I spun around  ,   he called over his shoulder :  `` It  ' s  HARD  to drive over the media .   '  '  ) 
 `` It  ' s so  HARD   ,   I can ' t even begin to tell you  ,   "  said Isaacs  ,   who  ' s still looking for a full-time clown job  .  
 Since Vietnam and Watergate  ,   it has been  HARD  to read a newspaper any morning or listen to the nightly news without being told of some leader in government or business  ,   even the church  ,   violating his trust or the law  ,   then lying about it  .  
 The course is  HARD  enough with any kind of weather conditions  .  
 The change has been  HARD   .  
 Fashion trends for men are  HARDER  to distinguish year to year  ,   although there appears to be a movement toward casual looks  .  
 It was  HARD  to develop empathy for Theodora and her plaster-saint personality  .  
 But as an anti-defense organization  ,   it  ' s  HARD  for NOW leaders to put their hearts into such an effort  .  
 The preparation may be the  HARDEST  part  .  
 Truly delicious but  HARD  to match with food  .  
 Candidate Joe Huber pointed out there may not be much difference between mobsters and lawyers  ,   but my family and the voters had a  HARD  time with that one  .  
 I have n ' t yet read the Johnson Controls opinion  ,   but I have a  HARD  time believing the court went that far  .  
 MAKING the most of anti-theft technology  ,   automakers are introducing cars with highly advanced electronic controls as well as more pedestrian measures :  metals that are  HARDER  to bend and locks that are tougher to pick  .  
 On second thought  ,   it  ' s not so  HARD  to tell  .  
 Asked why it was so  HARD  to get organized  ,   he said :  `` This  .   .   .  has been a massive fire and it has been unpredictable  .  
 `` Most of the  HARD  stuff has already been done  ,   "  he said  .  
 `` People always ask  ,    ' What about the children  ?    '  and I want to say  ,    ' What about the children  ?    '   "  says Margaret  ,   `` People assume they  ' re going to have a  HARD  time .   '  '  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to say exactly because some senators are always under 65 and some usually go over  ,   "  Caves said  .  
 Westmont and Prospect are among the  HARDEST  for most students to reach  .  
 She made the  HARD  choice of sending him to America  ,   not understanding that he was unequipped to survive  .  
 He just thinks it will be  HARD  to prove with current technology  .  
 Their beaches are still soiled  ,   the streets are dirty and reliable domestic help is  HARD  to find  .  
 It  ' s a  HARD  task  ,   because the new bits look sort of old and old bits look sort of new  .  
 The wonderful smell of food cooked in pastry is so inviting it  ' s  HARD  to beat  .  
 As late-afternoon traffic hurtles down Mission Boulevard from Interstate 680 and Ohlone College  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to believe that just behind Mission San Jose stands serenely the most enduring religious institution of education in southern Alameda County  .  
 I must confess that the  HARDEST  part of reviewing Fratelli Deli  ,   for me  ,   is ordering something other than their Italian combo ( dry salami  ,   mortadella  ,   cotto and provolone  ,   $3 . 75 )  or their Godfather sandwich ( turkey breast  ,   salami  ,   mortadella  ,   provolone and Italian peppers  ,   $4 . 65 )   .  
 And it  ' s  HARD  to believe they  ' ve been at it for 15 years using the same three chords  .  
 ( check )  A crock of a dish  ,   $20 -- `` Never smile at a crocodile  '  '  is good advice  ,   but  HARD  to follow once you see the crocodile butter dish at Puttin  '  On the Ritz  ,   Los Gatos  .  
 `` And it  ' s even  HARDER  when you consider what Rick has been up against  .  
 TAKING UP THE SLACK ;  Q I ' m having a  HARD  time trying to exchange a pair of pants at the Eastridge Emporium store  .  
 But  ,   the choice to refuse food and water -- as Eula Oleson did -- raises this issue :  ;  How  HARD  should health-care professionals try to change their patients  '  minds  ?  
 Whatever happens  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to imagine Kim ever working on an assembly line  ,   providing the elbow grease to make products that such nations as the United States need but are no longer able to produce economically  .  
 `` We had a  HARD  time pinning down sex  ,   age or racial discrimination  ,   "  said Selig Kaplan  ,   foreman of the jury  .  
 It  ' s  HARD   ,   in a global industry  ,   to determine which cars and parts are foreign and which are domestic  .  
 The question of Japanese attendance at the Pearl Harbor commemoration was a  HARD  call for organizers  .  
 If you have a  HARD  time not buying  ,  stay out of stores  ,  or when you do shop  ,  take only the money you must have for real needs  .  
 The programs are operated by a mouse  ,   feature a lot of color and snazzy graphics  ,   and have extensive tutorials and other features to walk users through the  HARD  parts  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARDER  to find each other anyway when you consider that blacks are only 12 percent of the population  ,   "  said Bart Landry  ,   a sociology professor at the University of Maryland and author of a book called `` The New Black Middle Class .   '  '  
 The empty seat in physical science class was a  HARD  lesson for Oak Grove High School students Wednesday  ,   the day after an innocent game took a tragic twist  .  
 Once those largely procedural issues are settled  ,   the  HARD  part begins  .  
 But in a brief review it is  HARD  to convey the sheer tour-de-force imagery and dazzling imagination that radiate from this short and simple novel  .  
 If the property is dedicated as park land  ,   it would be  HARD  to swap if that opportunity arises again because that development restriction can be lifted only by voters  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to believe in this market that a condom spot that meets with Fox  ' s approval would n ' t also meet KTVU  ' s  ,   but such a thing could happen elsewhere  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to say that after a game that may have looked a little ugly  ,   but the elements made it tough out there .   '  '  
 but we no longer face such a  HARD  choice  .  
 It  ' s a  HARD  swallow  .  
 Broader investigations involving the FBI and other agencies take months to organize  ,   so witnesses forget details and charges become  HARDER  to prove  .  
 `` It  ' s going to be  HARD  to move on  ,   "  Billings said  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to pick the high point of the show  .  
 Even getting us to help ourselves is  HARD  because we tend to keep our problems to ourselves  .  
 `` It was  HARD  to leave  ,   and I know Lisa was n ' t happy I had to leave  .  
 `` Now  ,   imagine how  HARD  it would be to confront someone who was the country  ' s chief enforcement officer for discrimination  ,   "  said Otto  .  
 Also  HARD  to believe  ,   but San Jose comedian Doug Ferrari  ,   who won the San Francisco Standup Comedy Competition in 1984  ,   will be making his first San Jose appearance since then when he opens a six-night run Tuesday at the Last Laugh/San Pedro Square  .  
 He does n ' t seem particularly interested in the physics and engineering involved ;  it  ' s frequently  HARD  to tell from his descriptions just what  ' s going on  .  
 `` A 20-year-old barolo  ,   with chicken mattone and potato salad with salt-cured black olives  ,   rosemary  ,   garlic and capers  ,   slathered in extra-virgin olive oil  ,   all accompanied by chewy Sicilian sesame bread  ,   is not too  HARD  to take  .  
 It  ' s often  HARD  to decide whose side is the good  ,   and whose is the bad  .  
 Possible reasons for the difference :  ;  ( box )  Physicians may consider heart disease more severe for men ;  ( box )  Physicians may regard the procedures as more promising for men than women ( whose coronary vessels are smaller  ,    HARDER  to bypass )   .  
 `` Sometimes  ,   a rookie has to learn the  HARD  way  ,   "  Padres Manager Greg Riddoch said  .  
 Garcia said the park workers find it  HARD  to keep up with the droppings  .  
 Asked whether he thought one of the nation  ' s largest banks could be nearing collapse  ,   Bowsher said :  `` Just how much trouble they  ' re in is very  HARD  to determine  .  
 This week  ,   the NFL  ' s leading rusher  ,   Barry Sanders ( 640 yards  ,   seven touchdowns )  almost certainly will get 25 to 30 carries  ,   making the defense  ' s job against the run-and-shoot that much  HARDER   .  
 They  ' re even  HARDER  to live through  .  
 `` It  ' s kind of  HARD  to explain .   '  '  
 `` You feel bad for somebody -- but  ,   we were getting a baby  ,   so it was  HARD  to feel bad .   '  '  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  enough getting school work done  ,   and we  ' ve traveled a lot  .  
 I ' m on the heavy side and  HARD  to fit  .  
 `` I tried not to let the pressure get to me  ,   but being from here and all made it  HARD   ,   "  said Acker  ,   who graduated from Santa Cruz High  .  
 For true show-must-go-on dedication  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to top dance teacher Venise Taaffe  ,   who directed 350 kids from her On Your Toes dance studio through their recital at the Saratoga Community Center -- only one day after Taaffe had given birth to her own little dancer  ,   Megan Christine  ,   at Community Hospital & Rehabilitation Center of Los Gatos-Saratoga  .  
 `` It was n ' t so  HARD  for me  ,   "  he says  .  
 Guzman said the pressure of the pennant race is  HARD  to ignore  ,   but he tries to do just that when he  ' s on the mound  .  
 `` It  ' s getting  HARDER  to sing ( soprano )   ,   every once in a while it  ' ll crack  ,   "  said Rice  ,   who lives in Fremont  .  
 It  ' s just  HARD  to believe that someone is casting him in this role  .  
 Life is  HARD   ,   those people said  ,   and then you die  .  
 It is  HARD  not to find someone in Coulterville who does not know Jenkins or his family  .  
 With the physical training have come other  HARD  lessons that have made women stronger mentally  .  
 The second  HARDEST  are the smoked hams because the smoky taste overpowers the taste of the wine  .  
 As  HARD  as it is for Areias and others to fathom  ,   the California Retailers Association reported that losses on credit operations last year totaled $32 million at Carter Hawley Hale  ,   $26 million at May Co .   ,   $14 million at Macy  ' s California and $13 million at Mervyn  ' s  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to get people very excited without a military threat  ,   "  says Gaddis Smith  ,   a diplomatic historian at Yale University  .  
 Painful as the erosion of his skills was  ,   quitting the game was  HARDER  still  .  
 A little too packed  ,   perhaps :  With four co-chairs and 25 other members  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to imagine it moving quickly  ,   even though that  ' s what Hammer wants  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to put a young guy in that predicament .   '  '  
 Although they  ' re  HARD  to decorate  ,   the large entrance hall can take on extra and quite useful functions  .  
 I know the  HARDEST  thing he  ' ll have to deal with is being scared .   '  '  
It is not  HARD  to find that concurrence of opinion which Fromm finds so remarkable when you ignore all who hold a different opinion .  
 They were an `` enriched  '  '  sample  ,   among whom drug effects might be more apparent than a randomly selected group but much  HARDER  to interpret and analyze  .  
 `` This council had a very  HARD  task after the earthquake  ,   "  said Campos  ,   who contends that the council needs his business skills  .  
 Indeed  ,   the Fed  ' s latest survey of bank lending showed business loans  ,   home mortgages and consumer credit are continuing to become  HARDER  to get  .  
 `` Unfortunately  ,   when you  ' re making a will  ,   it sounds great at the time  ,   but it  ' s going to be a  HARD  decision  ,   "  Fellman said  .  
 She  ' s come to terms with it  ,   but it  ' s still  HARD  for her to talk about it .   '  '  
 Unless you can offer equally attractive sales terms  ,   as your seller is doing for you  ,   it might be very  HARD  to sell that home  .  
 Lynch had always thought arbitrageurs would be  HARD  to convict on insider trading  .  
 Thomas H .  Wilcox  ,   an investigator for the National Transportation Safety Board  ,   said the plane was making a landing approach Friday night when the pilot encountered problems with his radio speaker and had a  HARD  time hearing the control tower  .  
 When the score is 8-4  ,   it might be  HARD  to say the game hinged on one defensive play  .  
 `` It  ' s going to make it  HARD  on a lot of these people  ,   "  said Ben Lairson  ,   67  ,   a retired mechanic  .  
 Is it really that  HARD  to slice butter cleanly or put it away neatly  ?  
 As a practical matter  ,   the policy is  HARDER  to enforce on domestic flights  ,   which do not require passengers to show passports  .  
 Because Ray drives his car to work every day  ,   we  ' re pretty sure that it does have an engine  ,   but it  ' s  HARD  to locate  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  because you have to hit the ball so high with a driver  ,   "  Daly said  .  
 Over the next few months  ,   the Godfather of Soul will offer music that  ' s very  HARD  to refuse  .  
 `` My gut reaction is that it was the right thing to do  .   .   .  and even looking at how  HARD  it was  ,   I would do it again because it was the right thing  ,   "  she said  .  
 These things are  HARD  to decline individually  .  
 Indeed  ,   the industry has had a  HARD  time keeping up with the continuing demand for gulf war items  .  
 Sue had an appeal  ,   an elusive quality that was  HARD  to define  .  
 Rays  HARD  to study ;  Gamma rays  ,   born deep inside atomic nuclei  ,   are difficult to study  .  
 I did n ' t want him to be a black bat ;  I wanted him to be someone with whom the reader could identify ;  someone who has had a  HARD  life .   '  '  
 Still  ,   it is  HARD  not to conclude that this subject gets far more attention than is warranted by its actual constituency  .  
 Population increased slowly  ,  as though the conditions of life were more than usually  HARD   .  
 Yes  ,   and would n ' t it be  HARD  to give up those old smells that linger in memory  ?  
 I think probably the first year would have been the  HARDEST   ,   but that  ' s only a guess  ,   "  Bruce Steen said  .  
 Even lenders of adjustable-rate loans  ,   often the only vehicle for first-time buyers in high-priced areas  ,   are becoming  HARDER  to get  .  
 Day and Logan show that the A-effect occurs with outline circles but not with filled-in circles : it is  HARD  to see what explanation could be offered for this at present  .  
 Without knowing that  ,   it is  HARD  to remedy specific problems -- the very reason for assigning regular essays  .  
 `` To us  ,   there  ' s no difference between looking for a blood bank supervisor or a chief financial officer -- except that a blood bank supervisor may be  HARDER  to find  ,   "  Howze says  .  
 Mobile missiles  ,   for instance  ,   are  HARD  to keep track of  ,   although they must be displayed under the treaty  .  
 `` The environment of a combatant ship at sea for long periods is difficult for men  ,   living accommodations are very close  ,   and privacy is very  HARD  to ensure .   '  '  
 It wo n ' t be easy because funding for arts groups is  HARD  to find these days  .  
 It is  HARD  to escape religion in a church  ,   even if educational programs are not explicitly religious  .  
 Analysts said that Groupe Schneider  ' s $78-a-share proposal  ,   which came in the form of the letter to Stead rather than through a formal tender offer  ,   might be  HARD  for Square D  ' s directors to turn down  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to see how the board can win now  .  
 `` For one thing  ,   it  ' s  HARD  on the mines for them to be idle for so long .   '  '  
 `` Once you borrow money  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to pay it back right away  ,   "  he said  ,   saying that car payments and rent eat up more than half his $2  ,  290 monthly salary  .  
 And since the pay is n ' t enough for a deposit on an apartment or even a room  ,   it would be  HARD  to mourn its loss  .  
 Tip :  Money workshop ;  C onsumer Credit Counseling Service of Santa Clara Valley will present a free workshop on managing money during  HARD  economic times on Saturday  ,   April 13  ,   from 9 a . m .  to noon at the Sunnyvale Senior Citizen Center  ,   820 McKinley St .   ,   Room 201  ,   Sunnyvale  .  
 That judgment is subject to opinion  ,   but it  ' s  HARD  not to believe that life in the town is somewhat bizarre  .  
 `` it will be a  HARD  winter for the home buyer  .   '  '  
 Even so  ,   offenses are n ' t  HARD  to find  .  
 `` Yet it  ' s  HARD  to find evidence for that  ,   either directly or indirectly .   '  '  
 Because things are kind of panic struck out there  ,   anyway  ,   it  ' s very  HARD  to ask an audience to come in and be more anxious without giving them something in return .   '  '  
 One  ,   John Hageman  ,   who runs a small moving and storage company  ,   and who got stiffed for $500  ,   described how  HARD  it was to catch up with her  ,   even after winning a judgment against her in small claims court  .  
 Shwe  ,   a real estate broker  ,   will have a  HARD  time shaking the `` pro-developer  '  '  label  ,   which seems to be poison in Cupertino  .  
 It  ' s really  HARD  for me to respond because it really does n ' t matter to me whether she gets a job  ,   gets married or become a lesbian .   '  '  
 After the show  ,   McMillan is feeling especially good  ,   though it  ' s  HARD  to imagine him ever being less than affable  .  
 Because many pitchers use a wind-up instead of a stretch in this situation  ,   it is n ' t  HARD  for a baserunner to pick up the move  .  
 Prairie dogs are little underground rodents that look kind of like Walter Cronkite and are sometimes considered a  HARD  to-get-rid-of  nuisance  .  
 Some TV producers believe stand-ups become  ,   by necessity  ,   good actors in order to work successfully in front of crowds  ,   so the transition to working with others should n ' t be  HARD  for them  .  
 Not only will choices be limited  ,   but with the severe cuts to extracurricular activities  ,   students -- through no fault of their own -- will have a  HARD  time convincing private or out-of-state colleges that they are well-rounded students  .  
 But it  ' s  HARD  to imagine that other cultures would be able to divest themselves of sexist stereotypes when a so-called feminist group can ' t even do it  .  
 `` You have so much money and you have to make some  HARD  decisions  .  
 Even though the  HARDEST  part of being Steve Martin is `` you  ' re always fighting for privacy  ,   "  he says he does n ' t take his success for granted  .  
Understanding ,  as he did ,  the difficulty of the art of poetry ,  and believing that the ``only technical criticism worth having in poetry is that of poets '  '  ,  he felt obliged to insist upon his duty to be  HARD  to please when it came to the review of a book of verse .  
 Drexel Burnham Lambert discovered that the  HARD  way  .  
 As for the rebel forces now on the offensive  ,   the diplomats say they are willing to discuss peace and power-sharing because they feel that Addis Ababa could prove  HARDER  to hold than to capture  .  
 `` I had to leave home the last road trip and go join the team because it was extremely  HARD  and extremely frustrating  ,   "  he said  .  
 Keeping the part fresh in a long run  ,   Harrison suggests  ,   is  HARDER  than cracking it in the first place  .  
 Debbie Gasparini  ,   marketing specialist for San Francisco-based Levi  ' s  ,   says the company does n ' t have details on the survey so `` it  ' s  HARD  to comment .   '  '  
 The task is n ' t  HARD   ,  and the tree should survive if you follow seven basic steps  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  for me to stop them from learning  .  
 But the  HARDEST  thing to see was that he used a chair for more than a third of his performance  .  
 She says drug babies are  HARD  to love because they can ' t bond  .  
 `` We  ' ve had a  HARD  time keeping up with the demand .   '  '  
 And it  ' s required of me that I forgive  ,   no matter how  HARD  that may be  .  
That such a tradition lies behind the Iliad and the Odyssey ,  at least ,  is  HARD  to deny .  
 Even in Chicago  ,   as she clutched bottles of champagne pressed on her by friends who wanted to share in the celebration  ,   Kit Sutherland seemed to find it  HARD  to grasp that her father was really free  .  
 The council members said Peacock  ' s experience and abilities would be  HARD  to replace  ,   but they also stated their action was meant as a show of support for the staff assembled by Peacock  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  enough to make the decision to take someone  ' s life  ,   but when you don ' t have all the evidence  ,   it  ' s an outrage  ,   "  juror Jill Darmer told reporters before the hearing  .  
 `` But it was  HARD  to put a finger on it  ,   because everything sounded so nice  .  
 `` It  ' s really  HARD  to know who is going to be competing  ,   because it depends which girls each club decides to bring -- you know  ,   who  ' s hurt  ,   who went to the last competition  ,   "  he said  .  
 Some bands are  HARD  to classify  .  
 As for disturbing the peace  ,   Banzhaf noted :  `` It  ' s  HARD  to argue that men who paid admission to see 8-foot genitals on the screen would have their peace disturbed by seeing a small genital next to them .   '  '  
 She says a dog  ' s scent scares wildlife from the trails  ,   and without a leash  ,   it may be  HARD  to control a dog that meets up with a bear  .  
 Because of the  HARD  choices  ,   Schneiter recommended that the council study all the alternatives in the controversial traffic plan before them  .  
 `` Why is it so  HARD  to get the national Republican leadership to face the fact that the 1980  ,    ' 84 and  ' 88 platforms  '  abortion planks are out of step with the rank and file of our party -- let alone the American people  ?    '  '  
 It  ' s going to be  HARD  .   '  '  
 `` It  ' s particularly  HARD  to win a  ' yes  '  campaign  ,   "  added Karen Cooper  ,   who managed the losing bid to give patients the right to ask for aid in dying  .  
 Crop circles -- large  ,   photogenic discs and rings that conveniently appear in English wheat fields in the usually newsless summer months -- are  HARD  to study  .  
 `` That  ' s not equity and it certainly will make it  HARDER  for people wanting to sell homes because of the inequity  ,   "  Hudson said  .  
 A bleary-eyed Bonior said Thursday that the Democrats  ,   who talked up their all-nighter on morning news programs  ,   succeeded in hammering home the message that the Democrats `` want to be identified with the people who are having a  HARD  time  '  '  while the Republicans are `` busy taking care of the millionaires .   '  '  
 And it may be  HARD  for small savers not to follow  ,   experts admit  .  
 It  ' s limited in production compared to other Upper Deck cards  ,   but the company says it  ' s not supposed to be any  HARDER  to find than the special Michael Jordan-batting practice card that was salted into the baseball set  .  
 And  ,   as everyone knows  ,   Joseph Schildkraut won best supporting actor for  ' The Life of Emile Zola  ,    '  not for  ' Romance of Radium .   '   "  ;  Veteran Oscar-watchers  ,   I  ' ve learned ( the  HARD  way )   ,   are n ' t very forgiving  .  
 Any writer will tell you that writing short is a whole lot  HARDER  than writing long  .  
 `` It  ' ll be  HARD  playing the Lakers without Magic  ,   "  Warriors point guard Tim HARDaway said  .  
 `` But the trees and other mature plants are not cheap and it  ' s  HARD  to replace them .   '  '  
 ( check )  `` I  ' ve read a lot about what Meryl Streep has said concerning the role of women in film and how  HARD  it is to get a decent part  ,   and I want to go :   ' And you know what  ,   Meryl -- I ' m black  !   '  
 Opponents of the fee increase said the new structure would make it  HARD  for people to qualify to buy homes in Campbell  ,   and it was unfair to make developers pay for facilities that will be a benefit to the community  .  
 Too little to go around ;  `` It is  HARD  to think in terms of expanding services when we can ' t even pay for the ones we  ' ve got  ,   "  Mauriello said  .  
 This coffee-table style book  ,   with its beautiful photographs  ,   is  HARD  to put down  ,   even if you don ' t follow all the gossip about the royal family  .  
 Well  ,   maybe that is n ' t so  HARD  to imagine  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to deny that WGs  '  resumes show a disproportionate share of wreaking wrong  .  
 But there are few taimen and they are  HARD  to catch  ,   particularly for fly fishermen  ,   so interest has switched to angling for salmon  .  
 The  HARDEST  job was making the sauce without cream  .  
 The  HARDEST  thing is finding a piano when we  ' re on the road .   '  '  
 But too often  ,   the animal is given up for no better reason than `` it got too big and  HARD  to handle .   '  '  
 But instead I became caught up in their concerns :  The shrinking health care dollar and the advances of technology that have created problems that even a god would have a  HARD  time solving  .  
 A white-and-dark chocolate terrine was a chocolate symphony in the mouth  ,   but  HARD  -- a terrorist could have hurled it through the restaurant window  .  
 `` I still think it would be  HARD  for me to shoot someone  ,   but I know that I can if I have to protect my body .   '  '  
 The catalog from Wind & Weather presents a large selection of sundials and weather vanes -- good gifts for those  HARD  to-buy-for  types  .  
 `` That could be pretty  HARD  up in the mountains  ,   especially in some of those shady places .   '  '  
 `` I have a really  HARD  time with this not being accepted  ,   "  Rhonda said  .  
 `` They don ' t know how  HARD  it is to go out there and find a job when you have to carry all of your belongings with you  .  
 `` I can remember it being a lot  ,   lot  ,   lot  HARDER  in spring training in  ' 89  ,   having to go back in there and hit again  ,   "  he said  .  
 If the Rodney King case is such an imposition  ,   then we had better ask some  HARD  questions about the role we want our police to play  .  
 While environmental laws have made it  HARDER  for the corps to cement riverbanks  ,   the tendency remains to do flood control as cheaply as possible  .  
 Still  ,   western fans are  HARD  to discourage  .  
 `` It was a  HARD  game  ,   "  Bulldogs Coach Jim Sweeney said  .  
 Azocar  ' s adventures in the outfield made it  HARD  to tell just how much better the Giants played as a result of the meeting  .  
 Animals with large bodies generate more heat and have a  HARDER  time getting rid of it than do small animals  .  
 There  ' s no cover charge  ,   but it may be  HARD  to find a spot without dinner reservations  .  
 We move toward the next century  ,   more confident than ever that we have the will at home and abroad to do what must be done -- the  HARD  work of freedom .   '  '  
 It is  HARDER  to become that well-known now  ,   Kuwata said  ,   because `` the unfortunate reality of present-day politics in California is that news organizations don ' t have the interest they once had .   '  '  
 I told him how  HARD  it was to go through  ,   "  Lugo said Wednesday  .  
 Sexual harassment is as widespread as it is  HARD  to prove  .  
 Since then  ,   he has recorded one  HARD  to-find  album after another -- the most recent is `` Destiny is Yours  ,   "  on Steeplechase -- and become a celebrity in Japan  .  
 It  ' s also  HARD  for them to explain why they wo n ' t pass those parts of the bill on which they and the administration agree :  for example  ,   a provision overturning a decision that said existing civil-rights law prohibits racial discrimination in employment contracts but not racial discrimination and harassment once an employee is on the job  .  
 At USAir  ,   it  ' s relatively easy for a surviving spouse to pick up miles  ,   but  HARDER  for other relatives  .  
 Whether picking stocks in a self-directed brokerage account or in a diversified stock fund  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to ignore the historical advantage stock returns hold over savings account-type yields ( 11 . 1 percent vs .  7 . 7 percent the last two decades )   .  
 It is  HARD  to imagine how to pick up the pieces when almost every one is gone  .  
 But it  ' s a  HARD  color to produce  .  
 It is  HARD  to imagine these children studied long hours about geography to participate on the show  .  
 `` It  ' s going to be  HARD  to leave here .   '  '  
 In fact  ,   getting reliable injury information over days can be  HARD   ,   and the Ward snafu is just another aspect of the info-challenge  .  
 Other committee members said it was  HARD  to determine whether Ford could carry out his threat  .  
 `` The women  ' s movement has really proposed a very dramatic change in our thinking about sexual coercion  ,   and it  ' s a very  HARD  change to accept  ,   "  says University of New Hampshire sociologist David Finkelhor  ,   author of `` License to Rape .   '  '  
 `` So it  ' s  HARD  to tell how they started .   '  '  
 `` They got very good position and were very  HARD  to get around  .  
 And it  ' s always  HARD  to leave a successful group  .  
 the government is going to have a  HARD  job defending its intention to change Britain ' s traditional `` open door  '  '  policy for commonwealth citizens - a policy that goes back to 1608  ,  when Lord Chief Justice Ellesmere declared that James 1 was `` one entire king over all his subjects in whichsoever of his dominions they were born  .   '  '  
 Fruity style ;   HARD  to beat at this price  .  
 `` It  ' s similar to AB 860 and that  ' s going to be  HARD  for us to swallow  ,   "  Walters said  .  
 Almost half said they find it  HARD  to make ends meet  .  
 `` But it  ' s real  HARD  to find the balance .   '  '  
 It  ' s  HARD  to pick a favorite  ,   but the hollyhock `` ladies  ,   "  inverted flowers topped with flower bud heads  ,   are precious  .  
 The owners complained that the ordinance would make their properties  HARDER  to sell while offering nothing in return  .  
 But even as the Democratic Party  ' s hair shirt scratches with implied threat  ,   it is  HARD  to detect the old zest for combat  .  
 The image-building of Canadian figure skater Kurt Browning is  HARD  to miss  .  
 Such a ruling would almost certainly mean that tough  ,   critical articles would have a much  HARDER  time finding their way into print  .  
 I think probably the first year would have been the  HARDEST  .   '  '  
 We find our own families the most satisfying parts of our lives  ,   but think that it  ' s  HARDER  to be a parent `` than it used to be .   '  '  
 But if you hold your nose and stare  ,   it  ' s not  HARD  to see what  ' s happening  .  
 But my fear is that it will be  HARD  to get any real attention because of so many other things on the agenda now .   '  '  
 `` As far as how I ' m going to do  ,   "  he said  ,   `` that  ' s  HARD  to say .   '  '  
 IT ' S  HARD  to believe  ,   writer-director John Sayles agrees  ,   but it  ' s so  .  
 Although it  ' s  HARD  to prove statistically  ,   agents and appraisers say neighborhoods that have been particularly susceptible to corporate dumping include parts of Almaden Valley  ,   Los Altos  ,   Morgan Hill and areas along the Interstate 680 corridor in Alameda and Contra Costa counties  ,   which took a hit last September when Chevron announced it was transferring some 400 families from San Ramon to Texas  .  
 Ted Briggs of Los Altos  ,   who enjoyed a morning of sailing  ,   said it was  HARD  to believe he was just outside the heart of Silicon Valley  .  
 Miss Manners knows that contemporary folk are going to have a  HARD  time believing this  ,   but there was once a time when people who received invitations were given no instructions at all about answering them  .  
 The Union City council member has finished most of his book on `` star hopping  ,   "  a guide to help amateur astronomers pinpoint  HARD  to-find  objects in the night sky  .  
 `` This one will be  HARD  to come back from .   '  '  
 `` Over time  ,   fund managers actively managing blue-chip stock portfolios will have a  HARD  time beating the S&P 500  ,   "  says AAII Research Director John Markese  .  
 Here you  ' ll store papers that are  HARD  or expensive to replace  .  
 He said carrying a whistle to signal for help  ,   while better than nothing  ,   is n ' t the best method of protection ;  it  ' s  HARD  to grope for a whistle at the bottom of a purse  ,   let alone blow into it when someone  ' s attacking  ,   he said  .  
 We  ' re finding out the  HARD  way that we can ' t .   '  '  
 It  ' s  HARD  not to marvel at the unremitting good fortune of a man who can call the everyday losses of love gone bad and the job being a pain in the ego his worst disappointments  .  
 And it  ' s  HARD  to say  ,   based on a few hairs  ,   how big a texture change you can expect  .  
 But Glaspie told the senators that her comments referred not to the ABC presentation but to an edited version of the show  ,   broadcast by Iraqi television  ,   which cut out all of Sawyer  ' s  HARD  questions  .  
 36 percent of females and 42 percent of males think the women  ' s movement made things  HARDER  for males at work  .  
 Although some administration officials remain committed to sending funds to the mujahedeen  ,   as the rebels are called  ,   the move reflects increasing frustration that the Afghan policy is outmoded and  HARD  to defend  .  
 There  ' s plenty to hold your attention  ,   but it  ' s sometimes  HARD  to figure out who  ' s stalking whom  .  
 That latter point is  HARD  to dispute  ,   even if  ,   as the program points out  ,   most big-time universities do not make money on sports  .  
 Whether average citizens change their own behavior in response to what they experience  ,   see and read of government  ,   crime and punishment  ,   whether they become less ethical  ,   cheat more on their taxes  ,   or just turn increasingly disgusted  ,   is  HARD  to say  .  
 Hanigan  ,   basically a marketing expert  ,   asserts that it is not very  HARD  to sell corporations on improving their recruiting units  ,   both as to quality of hires and containing costs  .  
 It is  HARD  to keep up  .  
 `` With a friend it  ' s  HARD  to say that  ' I  ' ve been raped by a friend .   '   "  ;  HEAR also encourages students to talk about the role-play characters  '  motivations  ,   actions and body language  .  
 It was a big lesson  ,   a  HARD  lesson  ,   but we needed to learn it .   '  '  
 It  ' s  HARD  to believe that the land of Ninevah  ,   Ur  ,   Numrud  ,   Lagash  ,   Uruk  ,   Babylon and  ,   some say  ,   the Garden of Eden is facing extinction  .  
 `` It  ' s just  HARD  to believe they  ' d increase their budget when other people are cutting theirs  ,   including people being laid off  ,   "  he said  .  
 An outsider might have the  HARDEST  time with the seemingly nonchalant attitude toward death exhibited by nearly everyone who works in the office  .  
 The transmission shifts so smoothly that it  ' s  HARD  to notice the change  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to say exactly what came out of it  .  
 I did n ' t take part in the struggle for democracy during these  HARD  days but I feel deep gratitude and respect for those brave Muscovites who went out to the streets  .  
 Relentless questioning ;  The latest lesson has been a  HARD  one as Smith  ' s defense attorney  ,   Roy Black  ,   has asked the alleged victim suggestive questions designed to discredit her account of being raped by Smith at the Kennedy family compound on the Easter weekend night they met at a fashionable Palm Beach bar  .  
 `` Judy has a  HARD  time understanding I left simply because our relationship fell apart  ,   "  Navratilova said  .  
 I trust that you will continue to ask the  HARD  questions and seek honest answers  .  
 Bush :   ' A cruel business  '  ;  `` Generally speaking  ,   I think there  ' s an expectation  ,   but I keep saying that it  ' s a cruel business  ,   and that it is  HARD  when you raise the hopes of one family  ,   and only to have those diminished  ,   "  he said before teeing off at the Cape Arundel Golf Club  .  
 For their part  ,   the computer companies are afraid heavy dumping duties on the already expensive screens will make it  HARD  for them to succeed against their Japanese competitors in the lap-top business  .  
 The hearing  ,   which was to be the first to make  HARD  decisions on Fremont school budget cuts  ,   drew an overflow crowd that packed the city council chambers and spilled into the corridor  ,   where dozens watched the session on television  .  
 Health insurers and regulators should ask the  HARD  questions of the medical establishment to learn which future is the likelier  .  
 While alumni and friends of both districts might find it  HARD  to let go of the past  ,   a merger makes sense for the future  .  
 The deal will match up the $142 million Cirrus -- known as a savvy and aggressive marketing company -- with the approximately $20 million Crystal  ,   which analysts say has advanced technology for  HARD  to-design  analog chips  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to predict the impact of DBS satellite systems  .  
 `` It  ' s a  HARD  question to answer -- how much of the book is there  ,   "  Dexter said  .  
 But she also said this is ABC  ' s first season of scrambling and that pilfering signals is likely to get  HARDER  next year  .  
 Because the legislation relies on a broad definition for weapons classified as `` relics and curios  ,   "  authorities say some of those guns have become easier to buy -- not  HARDER   ,   as the bill  ' s author intended  .  
 The wines we tasted are some of  HARDEST  to produce  ,   need at least 10 years or more to become drinkable and will never be cheap  .  
 JUST THE OTHER DAY WE THOUGHT WE HAD invented the perfect no-moving-parts  ,   no-fuel-required spaceship launcher :  a tube 100 miles high and a few yards wide .  OK  ,   so it would be  HARD  to build  .  
 Moreover  ,   the broad decline of U . S .  manufacturing made it  HARDER  for many laid-off steel or autoworkers to move into other fields  .  
 `` And it is important to be as far ahead as you can at a place like this  ,   where it  ' s very  HARD  to pass .   '  '  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  for me to get up here and say  ' Artie  ,    '   "  said Jeff Armstrong  ,   business manager of the brothers  '  O ' Farrell Theatre in San Francisco  .  
 `` It was  HARD  for them to understand why she did n ' t wake up .   '  '  
They lived in the same house and it didn ' t seem to be such a  HARD  thing to do ,  but the sad realities of Lilly ' s life and the fact that Meltzer didn ' t love her never satisfied my wishful thinking .  
 `` The longer you stay out  ,   "  she said  ,   `` the  HARDER  it is to get back into it .   '  '  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to imagine earnings better than this  ,   "  Tai said  .  
 These factors are difficult to prove  ,   and Banzhaf says :  `` It is  HARD  to imagine that the almost exclusively male patrons who paid admission to see much-larger-than-life genitals on the silver screen would have their peace disturbed by seeing an actual genital displayed by a fellow patron .   '  '  
 `` People are going to be  HARD  to see  ,   "  said John Pike  ,   associate director of space policy for the Federation of American Scientists  .  
 I can be that fearless because of my basic brownie belief :  If the batter tastes good and you don ' t burn it  ,   then it is very  HARD  to ruin a batch of brownies  ,   to make something totally inedible  .  
 `` I have a  HARD  time believing they ever had anything they could prove on him  ,   "  Bane said  .  
 Proving discrimination against mortgage applicants is much  HARDER   ,   Dunne said  .  
 Second  ,   runs were getting  HARD  to come by  ,   and it was getting late in the game .   '  '  
 Mistake No .  2 has been  HARDER  to figure  .  
 `` Sometimes it  ' s  HARD  to separate drought damage from freeze damage  .  
 And in Tampa  ,   franchise owner Phil Esposito is having a  HARD  time paying bills and selling tickets  .  
 `` It  ' s going to be  HARD  to know what you  ' re getting with some of these guys  ,   "  Grillo said  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to give that up .   '  '  
 The contracts  ,   like the catechism  ,   are mainly tools for keeping research projects on course  ,   something that often is  HARD  in science  .  
 Pointing to the large number of non-earning loans held by both the Bank of Boston and Fleet  ,   Moynihan said  ,   `` With that weight on your shoulders  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to be competitive .   '  '  
 But when it comes to Jewish stereotypes  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to tell the difference between `` Bonfire  ' s  '  '  Abe Weiss and the evil silent-film Jews of 70 years ago  .  
 Arco  ' s total Alaskan production fell 6 percent last year as wells aged and declining underground pressure made it  HARDER  to get oil to the surface  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to explain how I feel  ,   "  Burrell  ,   24  ,   said after a victory gallop around the infield of Downing Stadium on Randalls Island  ,   whose track is considered to be fast  .  
 It was  HARD  to get a straight story from anyone .   '  '  
 A This is a  HARDER  question  ,   because while the oil and gasoline markets are closely linked  ,   they do not track each other exactly  .  
 `` We  ' re either in compliance or working very  HARD  to be in compliance  ,   "  said Clifford Burrous  ,   acting chief of Ames  '  Office of Safety  ,   Reliability and Quality Assurance  .  
 For dessert  ,   we split a  HARD  shortcake biscuit topped with fresh strawberries and blueberries and whipped cream ( $4 . 50 )   .  
 `` People found that the best ovens are electric  ,   but they did n ' t want to cook on the top of the stove on electric because it is  HARD  to control  .  
 ON WEEKENDS at the Sunnyvale Public Library  ' s central facility  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to find a place to park  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to tell what director Whitney J .  LeBlanc would have done had his hands not been tied by the set designer ;  but since he is one and the same  ,   he has no one to blame but himself  .  
 `` One  ' s reputation is rather like a crystal goblet -- when it  ' s dropped  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to put back together again  ,   "  U . S .  Trade Representative Carla Hills remarked when asked about Japan  ' s image in the United States after the gulf war  .  
 In fact  ,   it  ' s even  HARD  to get touring pros or golf architects to agree on a definition of an unfair hole  .  
 It is  HARD  to exaggerate how thoroughly Metz has come to dominate this market  .  
 `` Mentally  ,   you can be prepared pretty much  ,   but emotionally  ,   it  ' s really  HARD   ,   "  Louise Ray  ,   the boys  '  mother  ,   said Sunday from her home in Sarasota  ,   Fla  .  
 This is n ' t  HARD  to understand  .  
The  HARDER  the choice ,  the more willing the league is to wade in .  
 Flores  ,   who has been using the program since last summer said the free lunches have helped her family cope with  HARD  economic times  .  
 But their inadequacies as an enemy have long been apparent ;  it is  HARD  to unite behind a tough trade policy if it results in jacking up the price of a Toyota or digital audio tape player  .  
 `` They had n ' t been raised to upper mid-level managers  ,   even  ,   and that  ' s something that  ' s  HARD  to explain .   '  '  
 By now you see how  HARD  it is to catch up with you  .  
 One recession lesson that many businesses learned the  HARD  way is not to play it too close to the edge  .  
 Although it  ' s  HARD  to predict what the economic mood will be in September  ,   Garrett is enthused enough about this lineup to predict a $1 . 4 million day  .  
 `` No  ,   it wo n ' t be  HARD   .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to see how all the variants of aggression could be extrapolated from sperm design  .  
 Maybe  ,   maybe  .   .   .  it is  HARD  to know  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  enough to get a bill through Congress ;  it  ' s levels of magnitude more difficult to get a resolution through in the U . N .  General Assembly .   '  '  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  when people are worrying about losing their jobs to ask them to sign something like this  ,   "  he said  .  
 `` It really stresses you  ,   and it  ' s very  HARD  to learn  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to believe now  ,   when everybody who has ever worked on a political campaign ends up hanging out a shingle as a `` campaign consultant  ,   "  but 20 years ago there were exactly three heavy-hitting professional campaign consultants on the Democratic side -- and Strother was one of them  .  
 Drabek was better than Glavine in the second half and is  HARD  to beat at Three Ri rs Stadium ;  Glavine was the All-Star starter and should be accustomed to the commotion  .  
 It used to be  HARD  for individual tourists to travel in East Germany  ,   where the communist government encouraged group travel  .  
 Pacific spread us out and we played ( a defense )  that makes it  HARD  to stop the run  .  
 And as their rep I have a  HARD  time asking them to do that .   '  '  
 `` It  ' s very  HARD  to ask a child to care about the environment when they don ' t have enough food .   '  '  
 It has always been  HARD  for me to cook for two ever since  ,   so I got real pleasure when I cooked for a number of guests at our inn .   '  '  
 A sort of reversal on Cliff Robertson  ' s popular `` Charly  ,   "  `` Regarding Henry  '  '  is a  HARD  film to warm up to  .  
 The result :  Soviet refugees now are having a  HARDER  time finding good-paying jobs and staying off welfare  .  
 `` All of these things are  HARD  to confirm unless you  ' re actually there  ,   "  Grench said  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  for them to admit there might be something wrong  ,   "  said Leslie D .  Corwin  ,   a specialist in partnership law with the New York firm of Morrison Cohen Singer & Weinstein  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to do that in a TV drama  ,   which has to show us something on the screen and hope to arouse our emotions with it  .  
 When we arrived in St .  Paul  ,   the local office of the American Automobile Association had a  HARD  time directing us to Bethel College  .  
 But Neapolitans have a  HARD  time summarizing how they feel about him  .  
 `` It was very  HARD  -- less groceries and less going out to eat or any type of entertainment  ,   "  said Deanne Knott  ,   a sorter at Stark Packing  .  
 And President Bush will tout `` incremental  '  '  changes -- baby steps -- such as a change in malpractice law to make it  HARDER  to sue doctors  .  
 Last week  ,   a lawyer for Harris requested a postponement  ,   citing a U . S .  Supreme Court ruling April 16 that made it  HARDER  for state prisoners to make repeated federal court challenges to their convictions  .  
 JEREMY IRONS ;  ( box )  Magic amid the rubbish ;  The shift from stage to screen is  HARD  for some actors  .  
 Wax that has dripped onto the curves and crevices of a metal candlestick is  HARD  to remove  .  
 Spiritual benefits ;  The rewards are  HARD  to define for those who don ' t share or experience the total devotion to the pure and holy life Orthodoxy dictates  .  
 She looks so clean and sweet it  ' s  HARD  to imagine she ever had anything to do with all those nasty movies  .  
 The Giants  ,   who begin the final first-half homestand Tuesday against Houston  ,   did it the  HARD  way Sunday  .  
 `` We knew coming in that it would be  HARD  to score many points  .  
 So  ,   you  ' ve been scouring the box scores and searching for overlooked sensations  ,   which are as  HARD  to find as the syntax in a Sparky Anderson quote  .  
 A good location is getting  HARDER  to find  .  
 What  ' s  HARD  for viewers to understand is that they are merely doing the poking and nagging and whining that are the standard tricks of the reporting trade -- people don ' t have to tell them anything  ,   after all  ,   so they have to worm it out of them  .  
 A few of these countries -- it  ' s  HARD  to believe this was even legal -- did not have television in the hotel rooms  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to believe she  ' s left the house  .  
 So it  ' s sometimes  HARD  for employers and workers to recognize the difference between a spontaneous expression of frustration and something more menacing  .  
 THE HOLIDAY decorating season is just beginning  ,   but for originality it  ' ll be  HARD  to beat a Christmas tree dressed to the nines with more than 75 Barbies in evening gowns  .  
 He said with all the TV close-ups today  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to get away with anything  .  
 It  ' s kind of  HARD  when your toes don ' t work .   '  '  
 But researchers said that with the vagaries in reporting the relatively new disease  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to tell if its spread really has stopped  .  
 In fact  ,   it is  HARD  to imagine a worse performance by the U . S .  government over a longer period of time  .  
 The screens are inordinately  HARD  to manufacture  ,   and many must be rejected as imperfect  ,   making them very expensive  .  
 ( Once a nightmare is in your blood  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to get it out of your system .  ) 
 Thursday  ,   recalling the incident from Virginia  ,   McQuilla  ,   in his husky voice  ,   said simply :  ;  `` It was  HARDEST  thing I  ' ve ever had to do .   '  '  
 It  ' s  HARD  to chalk up the two events to mere coincidence  ,   but the timing does not appear to be Bush  ' s doing  .  
 They have had a  HARD  time trying to really deliver .   '  '  
 But the panel could n ' t find  HARD  evidence that Prozac or other anti-depressant drugs cause people to commit suicide or violent acts  .  
 I think we  ' re moving into a decade where looking into the future is a lot  HARDER  than it was 10 or 15 years ago .   '  '  
 That should n ' t be too  HARD   .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to understand your logic sometimes  .  
 Like Oates and Updike at their best  ,   however  ,   Banks is a strictly realistic writer with a remarkably comprehensive and sympathetic vision of the human condition and its  HARDEST  realities  .  
 `` We can have some fun with each other when we see each other  ,   now that we no longer have to please someone who was  HARD  to please  ,   "  Wood said  .  
 Q A friend tells me that redwood sawdust is fine to use with  HARD  to-work  soils  .  
 I think it  ' s going to be  HARD  to deal with because they built him up so much  ,   but no one  ' s going to be there for him but his true friends at the end of his career  .  
 `` It was  HARD  at first  ,   "  said Askey  ,   remembering his first weeks when he worked in the laundry  .  
 It  ' ll make it  HARD  to know for whom to root when their segment of the show airs in late December  ,   but by then you  ' ll probably forget I told you that the Barbaccias won  .  
 When one cuts through the educational jargon and union rallying  ,   it  ' s  HARD  not to perceive that a settlement based on logic  ,   reasoning and compromise could n ' t have been reached months earlier  .  
 JERRY SMITH is clearly a  HARD  man to convince  .  
 She says that `` the hike was very  HARD  for me  .  
 Actually  ,   even in show-biz terms  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to know who Crawford is  .  
 SAN MATEO ;  ( box )  It  ' s  HARD  not to find something to eat in downtown San Mateo  .  e 
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to date  ,   "  he said  .  
 But it  ' s  HARD  to turn it in the other direction  ,   because our kids are saying  ,    ' I  ' ll be the only kid who does n ' t have it .   '   "  ;  Walsh advises parents to blunt the advertising bombardment by cutting back or supervising their children  ' s television viewing  .  
 But it was clear by the time the Imsai ( CP/M-based personal computer )  came out that it was  HARD  to ignore the royalty checks  .  
 ( `` Going down a 45-degree angle is  HARD   ,   "  says Walters  .  
 With the exception of the unjustly neglected Avram Davidson  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to imagine an American writer as well-suited as Evan Connell to create that book  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to know because the latrines here don ' t always have mirrors  .  
 Since the attentions of a male to a senior lady are nice  ,   as well as  HARD  to come by  ,   I perhaps act foolishly and permissively for the sake of it  .  
 Parts of my reports are so confusing that it  ' s  HARD  to tell whether they  ' re right  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to start all over again if you lay off too long  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to sympathize with this guy ;  he  ' s just too stupid and woebegone  .  
 And so it  ' s  HARD  to say what the favorite is  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to miss the absurdity of the machine or McMillen  ' s plea that we need to organize our scrabble-letter heaps of thought into clear language  .  
 Lying is easier for such a person  ,   and it  ' s  HARDER  for others to detect  .  
``But you know how  HARD  it is to get a boy into a good college .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  for me to understand where the time has gone  ,   "  Strasburger says  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to imagine anything that should be more private than the moment of death  .  
 It seemed  HARD  to believe the dull Joe Cotten could have charmed any widows in Hitchcock  ' s `` Shadow of A Doubt  ,   "  but for Harmon it would be a piece of cake  .  
 It  ' s a no-risk deal  ,   its surety so obvious it  ' s still  HARD  to understand how it confused the bureaucrats who booted the deal around for months  .  
 `` Any family that has more than two or three children in this valley has a very  HARD  time finding affordable housing or any housing  ,   "  Brennan said  .  
 Yet 80 years later  ,   surrounded by crime and crumbling housing  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to believe any city ever had the answers  ,   let alone knew all the questions  .  
 So dominant was the Cardinal  ' s 38-21 victory Saturday -- accentuated by Vardell  ' s 182 yards and three touchdowns -- that it was  HARD  to imagine Stanford being 1-3 and lurking in the Pacific 10 Conference cellar after humbling losses to Washington  ,   Arizona and Notre Dame less than two months ago  .  
 The  HARDEST  etiquette lesson  ,   for those who have learned all the rest  ,   is that targeting individuals -- other than one  ' s own minor children -- for unsolicited advice is one of the major rudenesses  .  
 Nearly 40 percent of them watched the movie  ,   but the Demi Moore-Patrick Swayze weeper made so much money in theaters that it  ' s  HARD  to believe there were people who missed it there  .  
 I would n ' t dream of trying to call one forth with a Ouija board -- they apparently can be quite  HARD  to get rid of  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  with a guy like him when he  ' s ahead in the count all of the time .   '  '  
 `` It will be really  HARD  to tell my kids I ' m not going to work tomorrow .   '  '  
 Another problem  ,   producers say  ,   is the perception that venison is tough  ,   gamy and  HARD  to cook  .  
 Said Bunce :  `` It was  HARD  to dislike Jim  .  
 the noble Lord  ,  Lord Strang  ,  has done splendid work - and I gladly add my tribute to those paid by others - as Chairman for so long of the national parks commission ; and he has had a  HARD  row to hoe  .  
 `` The longer you put it off  ,   the  HARDER  it gets  .  
The ``Suite of Old Russian Dances '  '  that opened that inaugural program with the slow and modest entrance of the maidens and built steadily into typical Moiseyev vigor and warmth; the amusing ``Yurochka '  '  ,  in which a  HARD  to-please  young man is given his come-uppance; the lovely (and of course vigorous) ``Polyanka '  '  or ``The Meadow '  ' ; the three Moldavian dances entitled ``Zhok '  ' ; the sweet and funny little dance about potato planting called ``Bul ' ba '  ' ; and the hilarious picture of social life in an earlier day called ``City Quadrille '  '  are all just as good as one remembers them to have been ,  and they are welcome back .  
 Judging from a stroll through Clubsport of Fremont  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to think members sacrifice anything  .  
 I also find it  HARD  to shrug off the pirated election scenario for two reasons :  ( 1 )  circumstantial evidence  ,   and ( 2 )  the bizarre cast of characters  .  
 The  HARD  part for her was doing all the things necessary to get in front of that goal -- such as staying in school or in shape or on the team  .  
 `` Foothill  ' s offense was n ' t easy  ,   but it was n ' t  HARD   .  
 IT ' S  HARD  enough convincing a drug and alcohol abusing teen-ager to seek help  ,   but most programs make it more difficult by expecting them to go for treatment after school or weekends  .  
 The chestnut blight that killed millions of trees back East has not migrated to the West Coast but because they have a  HARD  time growing here we don ' t see too many of them  .  
 Newark school trustees already know what they want to keep in their budget for next fall  ,   so now comes the  HARD  part :  What will they eliminate  ?  
 Lendl blew leads of 2-0 and 5-3 in the third set and complained to officials that `` it  ' s  HARD  to play  '  '  because of noise from the crowd of approximately 8  ,  000  .  
 Thriving in America is  HARDER  than ever  .  
 It will be  HARD  to imagine that river on a warm summer evening without clouds of caddis and mayflies  ,   and rising rainbows dimpling the surface  .  
 Allen said scrap metal has become popular with thieves because it is  HARD  to trace and machines that chew it up quickly destroy any chances of identifying the owner  .  
 Since females give birth to a single calf only once every two years  ,   it  ' s not  HARD  to appreciate how perilously close to extinction the humpback is  .  
 But it  ' s  HARD  to imagine they could squelch the entire opening of society that  ' s gone on .   '  '  
 `` I had a  HARD  time understanding why they kept going back  ,   "  Kittle said  .  
 It would n ' t be  HARD  to imagine John Lennon writing a song like `` Chocolate Cake  ,   "  lambasting Americans for their decadent tastes ( Andrew Lloyd Webber musicals  ,   Tammy Faye Bakker  ' s religion  ,   too much rich cake )   .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to define yourself as an artist  ,   "  Jean Hanamoto said  .  
 `` But it was  HARD  to tell because it was like a hurricane in the middle of the field .   '  '  
 Most people will have a  HARD  time staying with Sunday  ' s opening two hours  ,   which meander around the globe  ,   setting up Columbus  '  times  ,   his motivation and his struggle to get someone to finance his dream of sailing west to reach the East  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to categorize letters of this nature  ,   but the tone was good  ,   the determination to reach agreement was positive and we  ' re looking very closely at the details .   '  '  
And a pane of glass isn ' t  HARD  to '  ' - 
 `` The jokes are  HARD  to translate  ,   "  he said  ,   adding through his translator that he  ' s not eager to begin another Japanese-American collaboration  .  
 It is a  HARD  duty but a necessary one -- a divine one  .  
 `` The  HARDEST  thing was learning the material  .  
 `` If you  ' re also a candidate  ,   it complicates in some ways because if you make  HARD  decisions  ,   it can hurt your candidacy  .  
 GREAT WHEN IT COUNTED :  It always has been  HARD  to gauge pitchers such as Robinson and Reuschel on spring-training outings  .  
 Over time  ,   it gets a little  HARD  to rely on those race-neutral issues ( for explanations )  .   '  '  
 Makes it  HARD  to sell tickets when mail is delivered two years late  ,   but S . J .  Stage pushes on  .  
 Asked if he believed Evans killed that many people  ,   Lusk said that after seeing the child  ' s body  ,   `` it is  HARD  to disbelieve him .   '  '  
 It  ' s  HARD  for me to even get into a hospital without medical insurance .   '  '  
 John Le Carre  ,   the spy novelist who described Greene as `` my guiding star  ,   "  said :  `` He was a great and magical writer  ,    HARD  to fit into any pattern .   '  '  
 `` The  HARD  part is out of the way now  ,   "  Zaner said  .  
 Once that is understood  ,   generalizations are  HARDER  to make  .  
 In the United States  ,   however  ,   these tickets are the hottest and  HARDEST  to get  .  
 We are the parents of five lovely children  ,   and it is  HARD  enough to encourage abstinence without articles like the one about the `` abortion kit  '  '  ( Living  ,   Sept .  11 )   .  
 Dunlap said he was not sure which company or companies were responsible for the FTC investigation  ,   and when asked if it might have been Sunnyvale-based AMD  ,   said  ,   `` It is  HARD  to say .   '  '  
 For sheer creativity  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to beat The Playroom  ,   from Broderbund Software  .  
 Lottery money represents only 3 cents of every school dollar  ,   and from the start  ,   officials encouraged schools to spend that money on one-time purchases and warned against building the money `` into the budget base  '  '  -- for things such as salaries and benefits -- where it becomes  HARD  to extract  .  
 If you find that  HARD  to believe  ,   check your mailbox  .  
 `` The idea was to help people find pets  ,   "  says Denzer  ,   whose stylishly cut blond hair and perfect lipstick make it  HARD  to imagine her cruising through animal shelters taking photos of doomed dogs and cats  .  
 `` It would be  HARD  to be vaguer and mushier than this administration has been in these so-called commitments  ,   "  Wyden said  .  
 `` The feeling of elation is very  HARD  to describe  ,   "  said Bill Toone  ,   curator of birds at the San Diego Wild Animal Park and a key member of the California Condor Recovery Team  ,   which includes federal and state officials  .  
 Ambrosius admitted his estimate is extremely broad  ,   but said figures are  HARD  to pin down because the industry is in its infancy  .  
 Flight director Al Pennington said it  ' s  HARD  to say whether Discovery would have collided with the object  .  
``Hip-pocket '  '  tactics are going to be  HARDER  to apply .  
 Tommy Armour said  ,    ' After you  ' ve played the hole once  ,   it  ' s no longer blind .   '  ;  `` The easiest thing in the world is to make a  HARD  golf course  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to fathom a bunch of clowns who  ' d hang in with a silly  ,   dead-end idea like Post-it Notes for a decade  ,   right  ?  
 The East Bay-San Francisco ferries are carrying as few as 500 passengers a day now  ,   a decrease of about 200 from a year ago  ,   and it is  HARD  to find support in the Legislature for continuing state financial aid  ,   said Sen .  Quentin Kopp  ,   I-San Francisco  .  
 Bush also would speed federal licensing for nuclear power plants and make it  HARDER  for states to block nuclear-waste dump sites -- both long-sought goals of the moribund nuclear-power industry  .  e 
 `` And even if you do have general information  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to get it into the stream from this position .   '  '  
 She said the  HARDEST  part is dealing with the fact she survived and Wellborn  ,   who was living in Frankfurt  ,   Germany  ,   did n ' t  .  
 `` It  ' s been  HARD  at times  ,   but that  ' s part of the challenge  ,   "  says Blank  ' s daughter  ,   Tennessee  ,   14  .  
 Considered the  HARDEST  but fastest method ( a few days to a week )   .  
 `` I  ' ll tell you this :  The team we had -- the young female lawyer and the older  ,   ex-con private eye -- was very  HARD  to write for  .  
 `` But it  ' s  HARD  to understand why me  .  
 Even Jan Stenerud finds it  HARD  to believe the series of circumstances that have led him to the Pro Football Hall of Fame  .  
 `` It  ' s really  HARD  to show this stuff in traditional galleries because of the equipment overhead  ,   "  said Abbe Don  ,   a multimedia artist here who specializes in interactive oral histories  .  
 `` I think it  ' s real  HARD  to sometimes turn around and have the same intensity the next time around  ,   "  Stanford Coach Tara VanDerveer said of her team  .  
 It was the  HARDEST  thing for me to do  ,   not to chase him and give him another hug .   '  '  
 It  ' s  HARD  to see both of them making it  ,   "  La Russa said  .  
 `` It was  HARD  for me to leave Motown in the sense that it was my recording home for many years  ,   "  he says  .  
 `` It  ' s also  HARD  to see all our work gone .   '  '  
 Sheesh  ,   some dames are  HARD  to figure  .  
 `` I grew up the  HARD  way  .  
 Given this tender father-son scene  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to think of John McEnroe as the bad boy of tennis  .  
 The bill would overturn five 1989 U . S .  Supreme Court decisions that made it  HARDER  for women and members of minority groups to win job discrimination lawsuits  .  
 The way she figures it  ,   she can ' t lose with her move away from the half-hour NBC anthology series she found extremely  HARD  to put together each week  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to concentrate on other things  ,   but he  ' s doing OK .   '  '  
 `` It was a very  HARD  decision  ,   with lots of tears  ,   "  said Betty Peach-Ewing  ,   the owner of the center  ,   which operates amid rundown apartments on South Rengstorff Avenue  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to deal with the budget constraints and the war going on at the same time  ,   "  he said  .  
 One bright spot :  While jobs are  HARD  to find  ,   starting salaries have apparently not declined  ,   and have even inched up somewhat  .  
 It is  HARD  to know who is more pleased  .  
 But if the shopper has narrowed the choice to Windows  ,   say  ,   or Macintosh  ,   or plain DOS  ,   the  HARD  part is over  .  
 It is  HARD  for makers to control the potency and easy for addicts to overdose  ,   authorities said  .  
 The reason for the added delay  ,   said Maj .  Mark Rader  ,   a spokesman for the Military Postal Service Agency  ,   is `` it  ' s  HARDER  to hit a moving target .   '  '  
 Although cavers try not to contaminate the cave  ,   `` it  ' s pretty  HARD  to eat your lunch without dropping a small crumb  ,   "  Northup said  .  
 Suggested short cut ;  proves  HARD  to travel ;  Mission Santa Cruz was founded in August 1791  .  
 `` But I can ' t even  .   .   .  it  ' s  HARD  to get the feeling back from that game  .  
 Maybe that  ' s why it was so  HARD  to get to him  .  
 `` I did n ' t know it was going to be this  HARD   .  
 And the notion that a permanent Congress balances the power of the presidency is  HARD  to swallow in the current do-nothing and sit-there state of politics  .  
 `` We stayed with so many wonderful people who did n ' t speak English it was really  HARD  to say goodbye .   '  '  
 But they also make it  HARDER  for the car to start tipping in the first place -- which as far as Consumers Union was concerned was the Samurai  ' s whole problem  .  
 It is  HARD  to see a potential buyer who can afford an Accord choosing an Elantra ;  it is just a different class of car  .  
 `` It was the  HARDEST  moment of my life  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to imagine women doing this to themselves  .  
 They came up the  HARD  way together and had been close friends for a generation  .  
 `` I  ' ve been trying to make the transition from Broadway to becoming a recording artist  ,   and for a lot of reasons it  ' s been very  HARD  .   '  '  
 IT WOULDN ' T be  HARD  to guess that the man who plays the laid-back Al Bundy in `` Married   .  
 Restoring peace ;  Pranab Mukherjee  ,   a Congress Party elder and its current spokesman  ,   conceded :  `` We will have to take some  HARD  ( economic )  decisions  ,   no doubt  ,   "  particularly if it must seek support from traditional opponents  .  
 `` This is a  HARD  way to lose  ,   "  Ianni said  .  
 `` I have a really  HARD  time with that  ,   "  said Shelly Kidwell  ,   a Felton mother who has volunteered as a children  ' s advocate in Santa Clara County for two years  .  
 IT IS  HARDER  to say `` Merry Christmas  '  '  when you know that Santa Clara County has lost 14  ,  000 jobs in the past year and 1  ,  000 from a month ago  ,   when things were supposed to be picking up  .  
 Support for Bush was  HARD  to find up and down Pennsylvania Avenue  .  
 `` It will be a lot  HARDER   ,   but we have to do it .   '  '  
 `` It  ' s everything from cigarettes -- they can be  HARD  to get out here -- to overeating  .  
 `` Writers used to tell me it was the  HARDEST  show in television to write for because you had to know so much about so much  ,   "  Roddenberry told the Times  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to count the number of ways in which the personal computer has changed the working lives of millions and the education of our kids  .  
It is  HARD  to understand how he concluded that most snakes do not grow appreciably after attaining maturity; he was working with species of Java ,  so perhaps some tropical snakes are unusual in this respect .  
 But she figures that  ' s kind of  HARD  when many of them have never left San Jose  .  
 There is nothing terribly sinister going on -- just smart business  ,   especially in a recession  ,   when customers are  HARDER  to come by  .  
 `` It  ' s been one of the  HARDEST  things  ,   "  Beckenhauer-Heller said  .  
 `` It  ' s been a long  ,    HARD  fight  .  
 Growing up is  HARD  enough without being encouraged to pursue and accept every contradictory feeling and emotion one might have  .  
 That  ' s why they  ' re wisely developing their behind-the-camera skills  ,   perhaps preparing for that day when acting jobs may be  HARDER  to come by and no longer creative enough to satisfy them  .  
 But it is  HARD  to find instruments crafted well enough that they actually sound good and look good  ,   as if someone who truly cared about quality and craftsmanship made them  .  
 `` We have a  HARD  time keeping it in the store  ,   "  said Tad Dawley of the Kings  '  Slap Shop store in Westchester  .  
 They found it  HARD  to resist Holderman  ,   they said  .  
 and it was  HARD  to imagine a prettier teacher  .  
 `` When you live in a high-priced area and have to work a lot  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to find time together .   '  '  
 `` It was a very  HARD  thing for him to handle  ,   "  his wife said  .  
Berlin ' s resilience is amazing ,  but if it has to hire its labor in the West the struggle will be  HARD  indeed '  '  .  
 A  HARD  team to figure because of the coaching switch  .  
 You find it  HARDER  each month to make ends meet  .  
 It is said that the  HARDEST  thing a mother can do is bury one of her children  .  
 ( check )  OLIVES -- Though I prefer the deeper flavors of cured olives  ,   canned ripe olives can be used in so many dishes  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to keep them off the list  .  
 Still  ,   when she wanders the sidelines at Bullets games -- as is her wont -- it is  HARD  to place her as a member of the organization  .  
 He fears that publication of his name would complicate his search  ,    HARD  enough for a man of 54  .  
 Asked how the troubled last year stacked up against his previous decade running Stanford -- a year that included a grilling before Congress  ,   calls for his resignation and a litany of other well-publicized problems -- he deadpanned :  `` It was a little  HARDER  .   '  '  
 It  ' s  HARD  to believe he  ' s any worse as a defensive outfielder than the Braves  '  Lonnie Smith  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to put one past her ;  she  ' s heard it all  .  
 Elsewhere  ,   "  it may be  HARD  to think of him in the future as ever having played someone so good  .  
 on the contrary  ,  they complain with almost tedious uniformity about the  HARD  work their artistic endeavours entail  .  
 Even amid the laughter as Kevin rigged up ingenious ways to outsmart burglars  ,   I found it  HARD  to abandon into the absurdity of the scenes  .  
 It  ' s had a  HARD  time growing  ,   too .   '  '  
 I ' m sorry to say this is all rather  HARD  to follow  ,   and the drama ends abruptly with a peculiar sequence suggesting Michelangelo did it all to win the respect of his highly critical father  .  
 That means that on a day-to-day or even a week-to-week basis  ,   even the people in charge of various projects have a  HARD  time determining whether they are within budget  .  
 `` Without objective evaluation of the facts  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to expect big benefits from the formation of a state commission to implement and control the cease-fire  ,   "  he said  .  
 What  ' s more  ,   derailleur gearing ( outside the rear wheel hub )  can go out of alignment under the abuse that kids can give a bike  ,   while a simple one-speed is a lot  HARDER  to destroy  .  
 But the question is getting  HARDER   ,   and the answer goes beyond the esoteric world of liver transplants to take in some very large issues :  How do we allocate health care when scarcity is the reality  ?  
 Personal attachments ;  De-junking a home should n ' t be as  HARD  as brain surgery  .  
 It was a  HARD   ,   complicated move  ,   both in the country and in the world .   '  '  
 If attempting to secede from Yugoslavia has been difficult for Slovenia  ,   which is ethnically homogenous  ,   it could be much  HARDER  for this ethnically mixed republic of 4 . 5 million  .  
 Yet it  ' s  HARD  to dismiss the impact of that depression  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to bond with a baby like that  .  
 If Lewis does n ' t slump  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to see how the Indians could return to Fermin  ,   but after all  ,   the manager is John McNamara  .  
 From the outside  ,   it  ' s often  HARD  to tell a restaurant from a private home if you can ' t read Japanese  .  
 A third angry letter writer says my column `` makes the goal of a harmonious existence of bicyclists  ,   motorists and pedestrians even  HARDER  to achieve  .  
 Why Yeltsin would agree to share power with a man who has consistently tried to intimidate and humiliate him is  HARD  to fathom  .  
 `` It  ' s kind of  HARD  to keep a secret when somebody from the Notre Dame alumni association books 20  ,  000 rooms in New Orleans for New Year  ' s  .  
 `` I  ' d heard it was a very good school  ,    HARD  to get into  ,   kind of radical  .  
 The judge has said he hoped to seat a jury in a few days  ,   but both sides acknowledge it will be  HARD  finding an impartial panel  .  
 `` It  ' s very  HARD  to accept  ,   but you need to move on  ,   "  she said  .  
 Do n ' t overcrowd pan or it will be too  HARD  to turn over stuffing easily  .  
 It washes right our with hot water -- which is  HARD  to find here in Cuba  .  
 The law degree I had struggled so  HARD  to acquire was of no value because it was nearly impossible for me to work outside my home  .  
 so if two men insist on giving up their  HARD  won  deck-chairs to two women  ,  it would be ungracious of the women to refuse  .  
 `` In terms of using my feelings and my emotional life  ,   I really feel like acting is  ,   in a way  ,    HARDER  .   '  '  
 `` My father knew that life would be  HARD  under the communists in 1975  ,   "  said Thien Bui  ,   `` but he was very patriotic and elected to stay  ,   thinking that he could  ,   in some way  ,   help his country .   '  '  
 In addition to all the usual difficulties of raising $6 million  ,   the festival draws so much of its support from its widely scattered audience that it  ' s extra  HARD   ,   Nicholson said  ,   to seek corporate underwriting  ,   a common source for capital funds  .  
 So it  ' s  HARD  to figure why some people would fear them  .  
 While the rulers of Apple may respect the royalty at IBM  ,   the peasants hate each other -- and it  ' s  HARD  to see that changing any time soon  .  
 In announcing the capital spending cuts  ,   Crandall said :  `` The key to 1992  ' s profitability will be the extent to which the impact of the bankrupt and semi-bankrupt carriers can be moderated  ,   and at this point  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to be optimistic .   '  '  
 It does n ' t help that many of us grew up seeing him in contemporary work and find him  HARD  to believe in a period piece  .  
 Next came the really  HARD  parts :  serving a hot main course and a frozen dessert  .  
 Even older kids like it because it  ' s  HARD  for them to be recognized in the dark  .  
 I find it  HARD  not to sound cliched in describing the sight  .  
 Lap-top computer owners know that they have greater freedom to work on the road or at the beach  ,   but they also quickly discover that a seven-pound lap-top seems to weigh 20 by the end of a trip  ,   that most hotels make it difficult to connect the portable computer to a phone line  ,   that fax modems are treacherous things and that transferring files from the lap-top to a desk-top computer or a network is often  HARDER  than it looks  .  
 The system is set up to keep calling parents of truant students until the entire message plays -- just to make it  HARDER  for students to intercept the calls  .  
 Of course  ,   it was  HARD  to look at the big picture  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to stay here without family  .  
 `` The computer industry has seen definite signs of slowing  ,   "  O ' Brien said  ,   `` and growth will be even  HARDER  to come by in the future .   '  '  
 Kirk West  ,   vice chairman of the commission and president of the California Chamber of Commerce  ,   said the split roll `` would hit disproportionately  HARD  in Silicon Valley  ,   "  arguing that the increased taxes would make it HARDER for the valley to keep aerospace and electronics industries now being wooed by other states  .  
 State and federal governments provide a very limited number of grants for restoration of historic properties and they are  HARD  to obtain  .  
 Besides damaging your psyche and offending your aesthetic sensibilities  ,   scarred bases and edges make a ski slower  ,    HARDER  to turn and less predictable  .  
 `` Statewide  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to differentiate the ( drought  ' s )  impacts from the recession we  ' re in today  ,   "  said Frederick Cannon  ,   a vice president and senior economist for Bank of America  .  
 The memories make it  HARDER  to teach adults how to swim than children  ,   experts say  .  
 A lot of you expressed a sense that there  ' s so much to tackle  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to know where to start  .  
 I know that  ' s  HARD  to believe because I have a very strong persona  ,   but inside of me I have no idea  .  
 Nosair had no reason to kill Kahane because he had come to believe that the radical Zionist had softened his  HARD  line on Arabs and the Mideast  ,   Kunstler said in his opening statement at Nosair  ' s murder trial  .  
 But he said  ,   `` My sense is that you  ' re not going to gain back on the easy day what you lost on the  HARD  day -- your body does break down during the course of a season .   '  '  
  '  HARD  to turn down  '  ;  `` If Cal moves up to sixth  ,   an 8-1  ,   sixth-ranked Cal team will be HARD to turn down  ,   "  said Zatarain  ,   who will attend next Saturday  ' s Arizona State-Cal game and stay in the Bay Area until the bowl selections are announced next Sunday  .  
 Now comes the  HARD  part :  losing at least nine more pounds and holding off Foster  .  
 It  ' s a testament to one of the guiding principles of Disney marketers  ,   who like to say that the  HARD  part is getting the consumer to buy that first tape  .  
 It may be  HARD  to imagine a substitute that would serve all these purposes so well  .  
 `` Emotional support has been  HARD  to come by  ,   "  she said  .  
 I thought the mezz amore -- made with almonds and bittersweet chocolate -- were too  HARD  and dry  .  
 For example  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to imagine King needling a Middle Eastern potentate about his attitude toward women  ,   as Walters once did the late shah of Iran  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to be brave if you don ' t know where you are  .  
 That  ' s why this is so  HARD  to digest .   '  '  
 this is pretty  HARD  to come by so look for a 1955 Chateau Beychevelle  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  to make a good impression in court when you  ' re wearing an orange jumpsuit  ,   "  said Lawrence Biggam  ,   Santa Cruz County  ' s public defender  .  
 If the proposal is finalized  ,   it will make it  HARDER  for private landowners to log in areas where the owl lives  .  
 It is  HARD  to imagine that happening in today  ' s society  .  
 But for immediate  ,   widespread and tangible impact  ,   the Lampf ruling would be  HARD  to top  .  
 ( check )  It  ' s  HARD  to believe  ,   but the `` case closed  '  '  stamp finally has been applied to Trump vs .  Trump  .  
 He does admit though  ,   that after all the long hours of rehabilitation and wondering if he would make it back  ,   it  ' s  HARD  to be in the same spot again  .  
 `` It is difficult to say exactly how competitive the consumer credit market is  ,   "  said the report  ,   noting that such information was  HARD  to get  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  to tell  ,   so I had to ask  .  
 It  ' s  HARD  -- but do it  .  
 `` If I stay sober  ,   I don ' t see the NBA as a  HARD  thing to try and get back into  ,   "  Washburn said  .  
  ' It might be  HARD  for some black people to tell if this is a slap or not  ,   because some black people are so used to getting slapped  .  
 ( check )  The writer hinted that being `` out of juice  '  '  was worse than being `` out of gas  '  '  because it would be  HARDER  to haul an extension cord and borrow an electrical outlet than to carry a can of gasoline  .  
 What we do know is that in the modern age  ,   it  ' s  HARDER  to put information than freedom back into the bottle  .  
 `` It  ' s very  HARD  for everyone to understand  ,   "  but in 1941  ,   `` there were lots of people thinking of suicide  .  
 But striped bass and other fish may suffer for lack of food  ,   although right now it  ' s  HARD  to distinguish the effects of the clam invasion from those of the drought  .  
 `` I knew it might be  HARD  to convince my father because he wanted me to have the money in case there was a ( medical )  emergency  ,   "  Chang said  .  
 From my perspective here  ,   it is  HARD  to see what all the shouting is about  .  
 But it  ' s  HARD  to analyze what a group of incumbents might do  .  
 The committee said the impact of climate change on nature would be  HARD  to control  ,   but it was optimistic about the ability of U . S .  industry and farming to adapt to warming weather  .  
 But testing lags so far behind that it is  HARD  to link symptoms with specific emissions  .  
 In the week since Magic Johnson announced he is HIV-positive  ,   it  ' s been an increasingly busy place  ,   even though it  ' s very  HARD  for some people to take this very simple test  .  
 Keep this one in your drawer for the next time the boss gives you a  HARD  time  .  
 She recommends continuing education courses  ,   developing effective people skills and  HARD  work  .  
The phrase ``consent of the governed '  '  needs a  HARD  look .  
 He  ' s a good friend  ,   and hopefully the  HARD  work he has done on his swing is going to pay dividends for him  .  
 `` What we do is really show the slapstick side that still works with the interpretation ( of the play )   ,   so kids see how much fun Shakespeare is -- because he  ' s ( often )  associated with  HARD  academic disciplines  ,   "  Orlando said  .  
 As an antidote to the dependency of this identity he routinely advocates the classic values of  HARD  work  ,   individual initiative and self-reliance -- even as bigotry is continually resisted  .  
 ( box )  COMMENT :  `` ( The game-winning single )  is a compliment to all the  HARD  work  ,   "  Moreau Coach Mike Bungarz said  .  
 it is therefore on real  HARD  cash that he bases his argument that if Manchester is ready to pay the top price of  ,  say  ,  25 s a seat  ,  and fill the theatre  ,  Manchester can expect more of the world-famous ones - always provided that her claims do not unhappily conflict with those of La Scala  ,  New York ' s metropolitan opera  ,  Vienna  ,  Venice  ,  Paris  ,  San Francisco  ,  and the rest of the world ' s leading opera houses  .  
 But  HARD  lines are n ' t Hook  ' s style  .  
 It took Hoffmann and another teacher a year to persuade him to take  HARDER  classes  .  
 I have taken a long  ,    HARD  look  .  
 A minority of dissenters says that while wild habitats indeed are disappearing -- and species with them -- because of human expansion  ,   the supposed magnitude and rate of the extinctions are unsubstantiated by  HARD  evidence and probably have been exaggerated  .  
``That ' s a lot of  HARD  earned  money to lose '  '  ,  he says today .  
And like this English master ,  Mason realizes his subjects in large ,  simplified masses which ,  though they seem effortless ,  are in reality the result of skilled design born of  HARD  work and a thorough distillation of the natural form that inspired them .  
 That has left their faces as  HARD  as the lives they come from and their passions as heated as the desert air  .  
 We move toward the next century more confident than ever that we have the will at home and abroad to do what must be done -- the  HARD  work of freedom  .  
 There is no question he came up the  HARD  way  ,   but there has been some question about the accuracy of his version  .  
 You have probably noticed that virtually all cities  ,   including some real armpits  ,   like to boast that they have museums and symphonies  ,   which are of course the last things that you really want at the end of a  HARD  day of traveling  .  
 no one could have been more courageous  ,  more  HARD  working   ,  more fair-minded  ,  more amiable  .  
 A clearer  ,    HARDER   ,   tougher national self-assessment  .  
 Davies said authorities here had long suspected Sjonborg in Wilde  ' s slaying but lacked  HARD  evidence until his estranged wife came forward Sept .  6 and recanted an earlier alibi she had given Sjonborg for the day of Wilde  ' s death  .  
 Your self-discipline  ,   diligence and  HARD  work are exemplary  .  
 They look old and dumpy  ,   with stolid  ,    HARD  faces  .  
 I don ' t know if you would call it luck  ,   or just plain  HARD  work -- it was probably a combination of both -- but your mother and I put in a lot of hours and ended up with a very successful business  .  
 It was  HARD  work  ,   recalls John A .  Breeding  ,   a year younger than Lester and now a resident of Live Oak  .  
 The hearings forced Tim Stead  ,   37  ,   a supervisor at a San Jose manufacturing plant  ,   to take a  HARD  look at his past treatment of women  .  
 She said Mr .  Daly was `` a  HARD  news man  '  '  who had become dismayed by recent trends in journalism  .  
 If others in Silicon Valley are encouraged and richly rewarded for  HARD  work and perseverance  ,   why should teachers be singled out and condemned  ?  
 Even with its joyous moments  ,   songs such as `` Something to Talk About  ,   "  `` Good Man  ,   Good Woman  '  '  and the sultry `` Slow Ride  ,   "  `` Luck of the Draw  '  '  asks tough questions and takes a  HARD  look at the never-ending balance between ideals and realities  .  
 But the administration wants  HARD  evidence the Soviets are moving to a free market economy  ,   before more massive aid is considered  .  
 proposing the toast of the guests  ,  Mr Thomas Lonsdale  ,  said the catering industry today required brains  ,  but pointed out that the capacity to absorb technical knowledge differed from the  HARD  realism of routine catering  ,  which demanded not only brains and skill  ,  but common sense and understanding of human nature as well as the highest possible degree of courtesy  .  
 TO THE mix of  HARD  facts  ,   horoscopes and advice offered at the end of 900 lines  ,   a group of mainline Christians is adding another choice :  comfort and inspiration  .  
 Wilson needs to take a  HARD  look at just how the state is spending its resources when it comes to the poor  ,   elderly and disabled  .  
 Our grandmothers might have described her as a  HARD  woman  ,   but today she was trying desperately to recapture yesterday  ' s ingenue  .  
The clouds parted and  HARD  gashes of sunlight swooped down to stain the earth with streaks of white and gold light so that the shadows of the running horses flowed like dark streams over the dazzling snow .  
 Her friend commiserates :  `` No way to avoid  HARD  work .   '  '  
 Fellow council members praised Rogers for  HARD  work and dedication  .  
 Professors in  HARD  science  disciplines  ,   such as engineering  ,   were found to be more satisfied with their jobs than their colleagues  .  
Some of the lime that is always on hand in the Capitol basement for plaster repairs was slaked several months for us; but to make it stiffer ,  of a really putty-like consistency to avoid cracking ,  we added a little hydrated lime-  HARD  on the hands ,  but we could see no other disadvantage .  
 I invite anyone with  HARD  information from Kuwait that contradicts our preliminary findings to get it to us as quickly as possible  .  
 Evidently  ,   when you came up with the solution of owning your own home  ,   you forgot to add patience to  HARD  work  .  
 and so you did of me  ,  Jane thought  ,  with a sudden  ,  uncharacteristically  HARD  perception  .  
 The Chevy engined stalled  ,   Mears said  ,   because it failed to pick up fuel after Mears took it down the hill and made the  HARD  left turn toward the checkered flag  .  
 `` It  ' s a force that  ' s designed to take a  HARD  look at the capabilities of potential opponents around the world .   '  '  
 `` All that  HARD  work I did in spring training paid off  .   .   .   '  '  
 He said Tuesday there are no  HARD  feelings  .  
 While not denying his obvious sex appeal  ,   Bolton has clearly earned his position of prominence  ,   artistically and commercially  ,   in the music industry through his tremendous talents as a singer and songwriter and many years of  HARD  work and dedication  .  
 Yet  ,   with  HARD  work and the ability to live within their means  ,   they have produced what is seen now  .  
 but when she finished his eyes were  HARD   .  
 Corporate information systems managers need to take a good  ,    HARD  look at what people need and then develop simple  ,   useful applications that deliver up-to-date information into knowledge workers  '  hands  .  
 However  ,   a  HARD  look at the current career path system shows that it does not work  .  
 `` So  ,   for the time being  ,   adios  ,   no  HARD  feelings .   '  '  
 All Californians need to take a long  ,    HARD  look into themselves and stop hiding behind fuzzy  ,   `` liberated  '  '  notions of freedom  .  
 Home :  A `` rustic  '  '  older home on four acres in Woodside that gets a lot of ``  HARD   '  '  use  ,   he says  .  
 These people and their backers played no part in the  HARD  work of collecting 19  ,  000 signatures for recall  .  
The brother and sister seemed to be a sort of mutual-aid society ,  a little fortress of kindness for each other in a  HARD  world .  
 Disagreement over other matters has kept  HARD  feelings from dying  ,   she said  .  
 In its cover piece  ,   the current People magazine takes a  HARD  look at the pair  ,   who don ' t see each other very often anymore -- at one point royal watchers figured they had n ' t been together for 39 days  .  
 `` Pro athletes never know how good they have it until they have to face some kind of  HARD  reality  .  
 Yuh 25  ,   unaccustomed to the  HARD  edge of New York humor  ,   found Breslin  ' s remarks sexist  .  
 School discipline  ,    HARD  work and right-from-wrong were of the highest priority  .  
 Ironically  ,   she says  ,   just when her consulting business is firmly established and could be run from any location  ,   the couple are taking a long  ,    HARD  look at each one  ' s career potential  .  
 `` I ' m here to do my job  ,   and that  ' s it  ,   "  said Dickerson  ,   who admitted he still has  HARD  feelings toward the Colts  '  management  .  
 But on Sunday  ,   after two weeks of  HARD  thinking  ,   Blondie Bumstead entered the workforce as  .   .   .  a caterer  .  
 But industry analysts in Japan say IBM faces a  HARD  fight in the Japanese market  ,   where price competition for notebook computers is fierce and loyalty to Japanese brands runs deep  .  
 Even the most radical professors require  HARD  work and self-reliance from their students  .  
 Further  ,   any institution that  ' s got real estate and oil and gas and takes a  HARD  look at it this year and does n ' t write it down has a very peculiar portfolio  ,   "  Meyer said  .  
The best antidote for the bitterness and disappointment that poisoned him was  HARD  work .  
 Corrections counselor Ric Hyland  ,   who did  HARD  time for armed robbery 25 years ago  ,   stood shoulder to shoulder with the 31-year-old groom  ,   whose criminal record includes 42 misdemeanor and four felony convictions for drug and alcohol- related crimes and three terms in San Quentin  .  
 demure one moment  ,   HARD  and decisive the next  ,  she caught the dual sides of a complex character  .  
 But  HARD  work  ,   he concludes  ,   is n ' t sufficient to recover or create a winning formula  .  
 parents perhaps fall into three sections ; those who were glad to finish formal education at 14 or earlier  ,  those who obtained a professional qualification `` the  HARD  way  '  '  under the traditional English system  ,  and those who remember their own University - and for most this would be Oxford  ,  Cambridge or a London medical school  .  
 Attorneys for William Lucas Barker were unsuccessful in their bid to have their client  ' s charges dismissed on the grounds that there is no  HARD  scientific proof that he has AIDS  .  
 Recently at a workshop of Tri-Valley Citizens Against a Radioactive Environment  ,   I heard a physicist from the lab comment that the project may well be mothballed after completion because the Soviets already have much excess capacity to produce enriched uranium using other technology and  ,   given their desperate need for  HARD  currency  ,   they would be willing to undersell anyone on the planet  .  
 The task force will take a  HARD  look at the funding  ,   programming and academic support SJS must have to enhance a Division I program  .  
 THANKS to the  HARD  work of diligent researchers  ,   the classic two-reel comedies of the legendary Chick Morton and Eddie Hayes  ,   long believed lost  ,   have been discovered in a forgotten film vault and tonight they  ' ll begin an unprecedented revival on CBS  .  
 We are Americans :  We have a unique responsibility to do the  HARD  work of freedom  .  
Suddenly his voice grew  HARD  .  
 And officials there have no incentive to look  HARD  at effectiveness ;  drug programs are simply paying the Air Force and Navy for the flying and steaming they would be doing anyway out of their own budgets  .  
 We learned the  HARD  way  ,   by trial and error  ,   but we learned  .  
 so I clung to this shadowy Mardonius  ,  simultaneously a  HARD   ,  noble Greek soldier and a soft  ,  curling-lipped Persian tyrant ; bearded and clean-shaven ; on both sides at once  ,  a faint ghost-Mardonius in the sky ; a potentiality  ,  only half-real  .  
 They played all the songs from their successful album  ,   `` Schubert Dip  ,   "  with a  HARDER  edge than on record  .  
 `` More importantly  ,   it will create an effort- and performance-based system which will send a message to all students that  HARD  work pays dividends  ,   that learning is important  ,   and that tough courses are the path to success  ,   "  Cooperman said  .  
 The truth is that any Arab who tries to make a stand which is somewhat more moderate than the  HARD  line will be killed  .  
 No  HARD  feelings developed and within months Rosenberg followed Cooley to Seafirst  ,   Washington state  ' s largest bank  .  
 THE LAST WORD ;  Water smart ;  With severe water rationing hanging over our heads  ,   take time for a  HARD  look at your garden to weed out the wimps  .  
 Now two research psychologists at the University of California  ,   Santa Cruz  ,   who just happen to be married to each other  ,   want to take a  HARD   ,   scientific look at one of the more interesting aspects of amore  .  
 Over the years  ,   Charlie  ' s seen just about every way a human life can end -- heart attack  ,   stroke  ,   car accident  ,   hanging  ,   suffocation  ,   crib death  ,   drowning  ,   even a few murders -- and just about every way the survivors deal with that  HARD  reality  .  
 Both Pretel and his bride are covered with tattoos  ,   prison imprimaturs of  HARD  time served  .  
 Amid  HARD  feelings over the failed merger  ,   legal squabbling began over Disney  ' s use of Henson characters at Disney theme parks  .  
 As lawyers for both sides churn out briefs  ,   the lot sits dusty and vacant  ,   home to one lanky eucalyptus and a lot of  HARD  feelings  .  
With a  HARD  eye ,  she informed Moll: ``Don ' t sure  ' nuff me ,  officer .  
 It  ' s very  HARD  work  .  
 Almost everything was rendered in a  HARD   ,   fast  ,   ham-fisted manner that was about as subtle as a kick in the gut  .  
 A  HARD  look at the status of women in the workplace shows :  ;  ( check )  Record numbers of women are entering traditional male professions  ,   such as law  ,   business and medicine  .  
 Tom Fast  ,   of Scotts Valley  ,   stepped out of the crowd into a  HARD  embrace  .  
 After the first blush of allied unity  ,   look for a divergence of views between Washington and Berlin on how to deal with the  HARD  new men in the Kremlin  .  
 While Taylor had remained the leading candidate to succeed Seidman  ,   Bush told reporters last week after Seidman  ' s resignation that he had decided to `` start over and take a  HARD  look .   '  '  
 `` We were looking at a show that was making a real  HARD  turn for the worst  ,   "  said Busfield  .  
 The means to create community  ,   from mutual acceptance to creating an open and responsive political process  ,   a sound educational system  ,   and forums in which community members can work through key issues  ,   are all achievable at least to some degree through persistence and  HARD  work  .  
 `` We are taking a  HARD  look in other ways we can generate additional revenues  ,   "  she said  .  
 My pre-Monkees singing had a little  HARDER  edge   .  
 hunting everywhere for ways to save money on employee health insurance -- are taking a  HARD  look at two-income couples  .  
 `` He said that he thought this was an indication that there was still  HARD  feelings toward some segments of the community  ,   "  he said  .  
 The new honey-haired Somers is just as sexy  ,   but she  ' s now thoughtful  ,   articulate and self-assured without the  HARD  edges of the past  .  
 Besides  ,   they say  ,   the way to win in Palo Alto is with credibility and  HARD  work  ,   not fancy mailers  .  
 As with many such breakthroughs  ,   the researchers would prefer to talk about the  HARD  science and leave the extravagant marketing claims to others  .  
 At least Ophelia gave her a chance to go mad  ,   which she says is  HARD  work  .  
 The map at right  ,   approved by a majority of the committee  ,   was the product of  HARD  work conducted in public by people trying to do the right thing  .  
 He also praises the efforts of his grandfather ( his sister lived with other relatives after his father walked out on the family when Thomas was 7 )   ,   who believed that  HARD  work  ,   faith in God and moral values could overcome any adversity  .  
 it  ' s making you  HARD   ,  Joyce  .  
Her laugh was  HARD  .  
 Equation for success ;  His equation is simple :  determination + discipline +  HARD  work &equals ;  success  .  
 The mayor chalks up the McClain controversy to `` misunderstandings and  HARD  feelings .   '  '  
 The book  ' s goal  ,   he writes  ,   is to suggest that `` with study and  HARD  work  ,   first-time buyers can often reduce the need for capital  ,   substitute guarantees for cash and borrow money even with limited incomes .   '  '  
 `` Just assume there  ' s going to be  HARD  feelings .   '  '  
 Through  HARD  work and luck  ,   we have been able to accumulate a considerable net worth  .  
 The Turtles also learned a lot about the benefits of diligence and  HARD  work on their way to rock stardom  ,   Raphael says  .  
 he found himself more and more surprised that any person could bear to be  HARD  to another  .  
 `` I believe in logic  ,   reason  ,    HARD  work  ,   "  he says just before Proctor sinks up to his eyelashes in quicksand  .  
 No offense to Okun  ,   who probably is a good guy and as charming as Grover says  ,   but he is a publicist  ,   and this is supposed to be a  HARD  look at the company he works for  .  
 Lacking  HARD  data  ,   social scientists and poll takers offer an array of educated  ,   often contradictory  ,   guesses to explain the widespread support for Thomas among women  .  
 I ' m sure this provides hours of enjoyment for urban professionals  ,   who  ,   after a  HARD  day of wrangling sales reports  ,   can mosey back to their condominiums  ,   rustle up a mess o  '  sushi  ,   and spend an old-fashioned Western-style evening analyzing their jean damage  .  
 It was only when additional  HARD  intelligence data appeared two years later that the Pentagon and much of the rest of the State Department were informed of the suspicious Algerian reactor  .  
 Some people must get their lumps the  HARD  way and apparently your daughter is one of them  .  
 They  ' re convinced the only reason cities and counties can ' t find enough qualified Asians to hire is that they  ' re not looking  HARD  enough  .  
 But the state of California wants to take a long  ,    HARD  look at trip-related health and accident insurance to determine if its sale to people 65 and older should be subject to greater regulation  .  
 Yet the study suggests that the lawsuits  ,   legislation  ,    HARD  work and money spent in the 1970s began to show results in the marine environment during the 1980s  .  
 And there  ' s no  HARD  evidence to suggest how feathers were developed  .  
 Sears announced the actions as its board began a two-day meeting that was expected to take a  HARD  look at the flagging retailing business and search for a way to regain lost customers and profits  .  
 But  HARD  economic facts will  .  
 He has extolled the values taught him as a youth -- a good education  ,    HARD  work and discipline -- and warned young blacks never to forget `` the blood of the ( civil rights )  marchers  ,   the prayers and hope of our people .   '  '  
 `` So I surely don ' t have any  HARD  feelings .   '  '  
 It is critical then  ,   to open a wide debate on the future of American foreign policy  ,   and that demands a  HARD  look at the Bush Doctrine as outlined by the president  ,   Secretary of State James Baker and National Security Adviser Brent Scowcroft  .  
 Sen .  Christopher Dodd  ,   D-Conn .   ,   told a Senate Banking subcommittee that the Salomon scandal `` has forced all of us -- regulators and the Congress -- to take a long  ,    HARD  look  '  '  at the auction process  .  
 I remember the  HARD  work I had put in  ,   the great hopes I held  ,   and the disappointment when I made a mistake  .  
 It  ' s the smaller companies that are taking a  HARD  look at the overall security operation  ,   "  said Mark Giudici  ,   senior industry analyst for Dataquest Inc .  in San Jose  .  
 When he died in a plane crash in 1982  ,   the kids took over the company and have dedicated their  HARD  work to his memory  .  
 these changes vary from head to head  ,  so that no  HARD  and fast rules can be made when applying colour  ,  and the results will vary considerably  ,  according to the condition of the hair  .  
 `` There  ' s no  HARD  feelings  ,   no bitterness  ,   "  he said  .  
 Even as there are no breakdowns  ,   bankruptcies  ,   suicides ;  In alumni magazines ;  So in the pages of the old there are no  HARD  complaints  ,   ;  Nothing to share but reminiscences ;  Of everything not there  ,   or true  ,   any more  .  
 The court found little  HARD  evidence to support a distinction between powdered cocaine and crack -- HARD pieces of highly purified cocaine that have been prepared for smoking  .  
 NOW -- and only now -- is it time to take a  HARD  look at the Warriors and their coach and general manager  ,   Don Nelson  .  
 He advised them to take a  HARD  look at community organizations to propose the elimination of those that duplicate services  .  
 In the long run  ,   no one doubts that those who have invested four years of  HARD  study and up to $100  ,  000 for a college degree will get good jobs eventually -- perhaps later this year if the recession eases -- and that they will be spared the grinding unemployment and poverty that often faces those with limited or no higher education  .  
 For the teen-agers  ,   the project has been more than just  HARD  work  .  
 While the strongest international response to date has been economic sanctions on Yugoslavia by the European Community  ,   earlier this month President Bush said the United States was `` taking a  HARD  look  '  '  at its option to follow suit  .  
 ``  HARDER  work is needed ; but above all we need more drive and better direction  ,  more efficiency and economy in our effort  .   '  '  
 his father  ,  who was  HARD  at work at his desk  ,  did n ' t notice the time passing and it was well past six when he looked at the clock  .  
 The sky is a  HARD  enamel blue despite the autumn odds  ,   and Robin Williams engages in some dry humor  .  
 `` He was able to handle situations and people without causing  HARD  feelings or escalating the situation .   '  '  
 He depicted the war as part of the ``  HARD  work of freedom  '  '  familiar to Americans  .  
 TAMMY Harmon still remembers her mother hovering around her  ,   years ago  ,   when she came home from a  HARD  day  ' s work and propped her feet up on the couch  .  
 I told him  ,    ' Just play like you did in Double-A .   '   "  ;  General Manger Al Rosen said Clayton will get `` a  HARD  look  '  '  next spring  .  
 If the office milieu is timeless  ,   why should n ' t there be a typewriter  ?   -- except that scrivening is so much a pre-automation profession  ,    HARD  on the eyes  ,   labor-intensive and dull beyond compare  .  
 Craig also is willing to take a  HARD  look next spring at rookie pitchers Paul McClellan  ,   who allowed the Cubs just four hits over seven innings Saturday  ,   and Bryan Hickerson  ,   who gave up two runs over five innings Friday  .  
 `` It caused a very  ,   very  HARD  look to be taken at our county  ' s child welfare system  ,   "  Keeley said  .  
 She said the ``  HARD  number  '  '  is 11  ,  607  .  
 `` Starting last year and every year from now on  ,   we  ' ll be looking  HARD  at young quarterbacks  ,   "  offensive coordinator Mike Holmgren said  .  
 whereas everything in Boccaccio is  HARD   ,  elegant and general  ,  in Chaucer it is muted  ,  peculiar  ,  full of objects that are unexpected and yet oddly characteristic  .   '  '  
 British Prime Minister John Major said the moves meant the EC was `` dismantling its ties with Yugoslavia  ,   "  and President Bush said the United States was `` taking a  HARD  look  '  '  at its option to follow suit  .  
He had bought a little piece of property down along the coast of the  HARD  country of Calabria that he knew so well .  
 `` Now comes the  HARD  work  ,   "  said Santa Clara County Supervisor Rod Diridon  ,   who helped form the Bay Vision 2020 Commission 18 months ago  .  
 Concern about California  ' s  HARD  recession `` is something people have n ' t been talking about but probably should  ,   "  said James Murren  ,   casino stock analyst at C . J .  Lawrence Inc .  in New York  .  
 The plotters of the coup were men of the  HARD  right  ,   who wanted to prevent change  .  
 `` We ought to take a good  ,    HARD  look at the increases we  ' ve given to teachers  .  
 Nadine praised Dorosin for her  HARD  work  ,   and the strong ties she forged between businesses and the chamber  .  
 Here  ,   we are building a viable  ,   successful immigrant community through  HARD  work  ,   I hope  ,   without forfeiting our identity .   '  '  
 her mother said in scandalized tones that money was n ' t everything and thought how  HARD  her daughter had become  .  
 such  HARD  and fast divisions of humanity were to come later  .  
 `` What  ,   you gotta become a  HARD  guy when you come to jail  ?   "  the officer retorted  .  
 In the interview  ,   Donaldson called on the federal government to take `` a good  HARD  look  '  '  at whether its encouragement of competition among different securities markets had placed the industry on `` a very slippery slope  '  '  toward a fragmented market that would be difficult to monitor and control  .  
 Through quiet determination and  HARD  work  ,   she rose through the ranks of Fidelity Investments  ,   the giant mutual fund company  ,   becoming a respected portfolio manager of `` junk  '  '  bonds  .  
 `` He has been likened to Ronald Reagan  ,   a populist with no real interest in the details of government and  HARD  intellectual work  ,   "  Sonnenfeldt said  .  
 `` Sometimes you have a  HARD  head and you play anyway  ,   you break the glass  ,   then you have to suffer the consequences  .  
 There could be some  HARD  feelings in this one -- it  ' s the first time the two teams have met since Calgary defenseman Jamie Macoun broke Buffalo star Pat LaFontaine  ' s jaw with a high stick Nov .  16  .  
 `` It  ' s a  HARD   ,   rough ride but it  ' s got a lot of power and it  ' s amazing how much the aircraft can take  .  
 For years  ,   ad makers needed a bright idea  ,    HARD  work and a little luck to walk away from the Clio Awards show with a golden statuette  .  
 Jones also says that keeping actors in the fold often leads to  HARD  feelings among the competitors  ,   which is why Erlendson is careful to hush up when the competition is mentioned  .  
 They  ' ve got to take a long  ,    HARD  look at us now .   '  '  
 Both the House and Senate had voted separately to lift the counseling ban  ,   putting them on a collision course with Bush  ,   who throughout his presidency has taken a  HARD  line on abortion  .  
 `` We  ' re going to take a  HARD  look at our operations  ,   look at ways to improve our cash flow  ,   ways to lower expenses at levels across the board and continue to make significant reductions in the work force  ,   "  Harrison said  .  
 The one leadership quality Palumbis lacked  ,   he acquired through a  HARD  lesson during his first three years at Stanford  .  
 I humbly suggest  ,   Madam Mayor  ,   that you take a  HARD  look at your priorities  .  
 I ' m almost always amazed at the amount of  HARD  work  ,   time  ,   energy and money that people will invest in their restaurants when success has very little to do with such mundane things as quality of food  .  
 MUSICAL CHAIRS -- Lawrence Bryan is taking leave as artistic director of the San Jose Chamber Music Society next year  ,   but there are no  HARD  feelings involved  .  
 They  ' re used to discipline  ,    HARD  work and surmounting crummy odds  .  
 If I get a little  HARD  on myself because I ' m not doing something right  ,   I remind myself that I ' m there to have fun .   '  '  
 when `` his  '  '  war did not bring victory and booty  ,  a new group of Lords might oust the unsuccessful leaders  ,  and the Commons  ,  who usually supplied the  HARD  cash  ,  might be bold enough to demand the production of accounts  ,  and even at times the impeachment of the unsuccessful  .  
 Estonians see no hope but foreign pressure for changing Gorbachev  ' s  HARD  line against Baltic independence  .  
 `` This is a testimony to their cooperation  ,    HARD  work and desire to demonstrate their concern for our environment and the health and safety of our community .   '  '  
 The most interesting section of `` The Next Century  '  '  has to do with the career of Kazuko Inamori  ,   who through  HARD  work and attention to detail built the spectacularly successful Japanese company called Kyocera ( Kyoto Ceramics )   .  
 Ford Motor Co .  took a long  ,    HARD  look at acquiring Chrysler Corp .  last winter after Ford  ' s former chairman  ,   Donald Petersen  ,   carried word that Chrysler would welcome such a move  .  
 The other companies `` expect Altus to do the  HARD  work  ,   "  Garamendi said  .  
 `` It  ' s been especially  HARD  on Jewish children  .  
 I ' m so  HARD  on myself that even though I  ' d get good responses  ,   though I  ' ve been very lucky  ,   I  ' ve always wondered  .  
 ( check )  Employment histories are also getting a  HARDER  look  .  
 The BBC-made series takes a  HARD  and mostly uncensored look at the business of movie-making  .  
 But the  HARD  truth is that no one really knows how to increase household savings  ,   and IRAs don ' t seem well-equipped for the job  .  
 Said Martin S .  Askanas  ,   co-owner of United Flowers and a vendor since 1986 :  `` We  ' ve invested in these sites for a long time and now someone else will come and capitalize on our  HARD  work .   '  '  
 But Egypt  ,   the only Arab country to have made peace with Israel  ,   took a  HARD  line  .  
 Calling for more resources to help children and urging a long  ,    HARD  look at how children  ' s welfare services are provided so the system can be overhauled  ,   if necessary  ,   Patton said :  ;  `` This should n ' t happen in our society  ,   and it wo n ' t happen if we do it right .   '  '  
 Fruity reds take well to chilling ( if they are n ' t tannic  ,   in which case chilling can make them  HARD  or bitter )   .  
 Both stress  HARD  work  .  
 For one thing  ,   radiator hoses are very  HARD  on your teeth  .  
 They were better live than on record  ,   because guitarist Mick Jones gave the songs a  HARDER  edge  .  
 In a December 1984 `` straight talk  '  '  memo that made him a soulmate of former Assistant Secretary of State Elliott Abrams  ,   both as to truthfulness and their approach to the Third World  ,   Gates advocated ``  HARD  measures  '  '  ( air strikes )  vs .  `` half measures  '  '  ( the Contras )  to destroy the Nicaraguan military  ,   which they viewed as a threat to American influence in the Western Hemisphere  .  
 They don ' t realize the  HARD  work that is done for their benefit  .  
 Hop Kiln Napa Gamay had a character similar to the Swan and Duxoup wines  ,   but was richer and  HARDER  and needed lots of time to develop finesse  .  
 Her own talent  ,    HARD  work and sense of vocation spurred her  ,   but two remarkable poetry workshops  ,   one with John Holmes  ,   the other with Robert Lowell  ,   provided the atmosphere she needed as an apprentice to learn and flourish  .  
 About $1 billion of the value came from ``  HARD   '  '  assets ( factories  ,   offices  ,   paper clips  ,   personal computers  ,   cheese )   .  
 The group had accused him of `` dogging them  ,   "  exchanging  HARD  looks with other members  .  
Her miraculous progress in material achievements flows from other qualities far more worthy and substantial: adherence to principles and methods consonant with our religious philosophy; a satisfaction in  HARD  work; the readiness to sacrifice for worthwhile causes; the courage to meet every challenge; the intellectual honesty and capacity to recognize the true path of her own best interests .  
 About a dozen low-income families chosen by the luck of the draw Saturday will get a chance to substitute a year of  HARD  work for a down payment on houses to be built in Morgan Hill by the Housing Authority of Santa Clara County  .  
 Anne Scitovsky  ,   chief of the health economics division at the Research Institute of the Palo Alto Medical Foundation  ,   said Hellinger  ' s estimate on the cost of treating HIV `` makes sense to me  ,   but it  ' s not based on as  HARD  data as the AIDS estimate .   '  '  
 but because I thought of her as  HARD  and egotistical  ,  I could not believe that she stayed with him simply from affection  .  
Tim is a good man ,   HARD  working .  
She would sometimes even get a little  HARD  on you ,  she took you so seriously .  
 I ask because I know this will happen in the family again  ,   and although it may be  HARD  to believe  ,   there were some HARD feelings about the `` disposition .   '  '  
 Fixing them is  HARD  work  ,   but is a possible project for the ambitious remodeler  .  
 No  HARD  feelings ;  James `` Buddy  '  '  Ryan Sr .  is gone from the Philadelphia Eagles scene  ,   but Junior  ' s still around  .  
 `` I ' m glad that my  HARD  work can pay off for other people  ,   and I have fun too  ,   "  she said  .  
 `` You see a more tempered  ,   citizen-oriented approach by candidates  ,   whereas 10 years ago you may have seen a  HARDER  line  .  
 Analysts believe some American computer companies will take a long  ,    HARD  look at getting into the display manufacturing business  .  
 Counseling now shows me that I am a co-dependent  ,   but that with  HARD  work I can pick myself up and become healthy again  .  
 But it is worth the  HARD  work of making these decisions in order to allow students who find different traditions a meaningful way to show pride in their heritage as well as in their status as members of the class  .  
 Actually  ,   that  ' s when the  HARD  work begins  .  
 But last week  ,   that litany of  HARD  feelings flowed not from Arabs  '  lips  ,   but from Israelis  '   .  
 as salvage operations are often attended by considerable  HARD  work and great risk  ,  the obligation to pay compensation is so obviously based on the principles of justice that payment has been allowed at all times by every civilized country  .  
 ( When the whores are hauled off to prison  ,   stripped of wigs and makeup in the  HARD  light of day  ,   they look like that ragtag group of Washington hookers marched across a Potomac River bridge by the D . C .  police a couple of years ago .  ) 
 Just a matter of easing up after 20 years of  HARD  work  .  
 Yet with rare exceptions ( Philip Morris is one  ,   incidentally )   ,   managements still spend most of their time managing what they can touch -- the roughly 10 percent of assets that are ``  HARD  .   '  '  
 I think we should respect the  HARD  work the committee has done  .  
 Commitment and  HARD  work are the cornerstones of children  ' s theater  ,   not just for Fread  ,   but for the children as well  .  
 I would go into the reading room  ,  where solid silence was packed  HARD  and green up as far as the bowl of the dome  ,  and walk over  ,  always  ,  to desk D-4  .  
 `` I had the very  HARD  impression ( the presentation )  was slanted  ,   "  said Ted Terrazas  ,   who attended a presentation at Meyer School  .  
 ( box )  There are no  HARD  rules when it comes to the marriage of electricity and horticulture  .  
 A call for reforms ;  But  HARD  work does n ' t always mean pay  ,   say activists  .  
 `` Kids are not reading enough ;  they  ' re not taking  HARD  enough courses  .  
 Sen .  Ernest F .  Hollings  ,   D-S . C .   ,   chairman of the Senate Commerce Committee  ,   has put the Federal Communications Commission on notice that he expects the FCC to take a  HARD  look at any request for a waiver to the government  ' s `` cross-ownership  '  '  rules  .  
 the boy tried to make the age-changing voice sound  HARD   ,  and it might have sounded ludicrous had it not been for the reckless chill shimmering in cat-yellow eyes  .  
 The lessons of that book -- that  HARD  work and loyalty and love will endure in trying circumstances -- are relatively new concepts to children just beginning to read  .  
 But Tyrrell acknowledged  ,   `` The trouble with doing all this  HARD  research is you kind of get back to what Granny used to say .   '  '  
 ( check )  Congress should halt new grants to the International Monetary Fund and World Bank  ,   and demand a  HARD  balance sheet from each  ,   with loans written to market value  .  
 I think it is a commitment to  HARD  work  ,   an aversion to shortcuts  ,   a skepticism about utopias  ,   an open mind  ,   a profound humanity  .  
 President Bush  ,   responding to initial reports of Shamir  ' s acceptance  ,   said before leaving Kiev that `` this is bound to be good news for peace in the Middle East  ,   and I ' m very very pleased that the  HARD  work of many parties  ,   especially our secretary of state  ,   looks like it may be coming to fruition .   '  '  
 The names are listed on invitations and distributed by BAYMEC --  HARD  proof of political support that not long ago was ephemeral  ,   whispered or given with winks and nods  .  
 for playing the leading parts of two C . O .  ' s of a highland regiment are Alec Guinness and John Mills  ,  the one having won the affection of his men by leading them through the war  ,  and the other a  HARD   ,  efficient newcomer who is heartily disliked by the majority of the soldiers  .  
 Perhaps I should n ' t be too  HARD  on myself  .  
 `` In our view  ,   there needs to be a  HARD  look at how we fund higher education in California  ,   "  Hamlett said  .  
 I am repelled by the lack of  HARD  answers to these questions  .  
 To my knowledge  ,   there  ' s no  HARD  and fast rule about how many mints you should take upon leaving a restaurant  .  
 Lenders are taking a  HARDER  look at borrowers before approving home-equity loans or credit lines  .  
 `` Those  HARD   ,   active words are seldom associated with females .   '  '  
 The NAACP has always encouraged  HARD  work  .  
 Even the short-cruise ships are taking a  HARD  look at their itineraries .  NCL  ,   for example  ,   has just changed the route of its Sunward II  ,   making Key West a port of call on its three-day trips  ,   instead of Nassau  .  
 Mauriello was then directed by supervisors to take a long  ,    HARD  look at the services and supplies estimates her staff made for each county department  .  
 Not like previous fraud ;  In fact  ,   even government critics like political pollster Miguel Basanez say they don ' t expect the PRI to wage the ``  HARD  fraud  '  '  of elections past  .  
 `` patience and a lot of  HARD  work  ,   '  '  she said last night  .  
 The volcanic dust that  ' s been deposited around is very  HARD  on jet engines .   '  '  
 He believed in  HARD  work but got his first newspaper simply by asking his father for it  .  
The aborigine is not deceived; he knows that the land is  HARD  and pitiless .  
 With  HARD  work  ,   it succeeded  ,   and Henry Ribbs soon became a prominent East Side citizen  .  
 THE Oak Grove School District learned the  HARD  way that you can ' t count on San Jose for good city planning when powerful developers take their case to the city council  .  
 Thompson bent a  HARD  look at the lawyer  .  
 He did n ' t want players to say things like that  ,   because the team can start to draw ranks  .   .   .  and it gets the media dredging up  HARD  feelings that have nothing to do with winning or losing .   '  '  
 This country needs to take a  HARD  look at how it does business and who should be allowed to succeed in the marketplace  ,   not what the federal government can do to cover up the failures of a few companies  .  
``If it gave me pleasure to say  HARD  things '  '  ,  he wrote ,  ``I would shut up forever '  '  .  
 While Roddick  ' s  HARD  edge can be off-putting  ,   her principles are endearing  .  
 He spoke aloud of his opinion of NBC News as `` a dinosaur  ,   "  an organization whose members seemed to believe themselves part of some priesthood immune to the  HARD  imperatives of profit and loss  .  
 Keith Hearn of the California Association of Psychiatric Technicians commended Davis for `` taking a  HARD  line against unilateral cuts  .  
 It was easy to take it as a period piece  ,   and apparently there were no  HARD  feelings all around  .  
 Sure  ,   that can lead to a few arguments and  HARD  feelings  .  
 The evidence supporting the major conclusions of `` Eat Smart  '  '  is  HARD  and plentiful  ,   the guidance it offers important and valuable .  ( box ) 
 Never again ;  Speaking of feuds or temperament clashes  ,   how about the recent  HARD  feelings expressed by Art Garfunkel about not being invited to perform at Simon  ' s Central Park concert  ?  
 Joan Beck is right on target when she says that  HARD  work and facts are needed to shatter the glass ceiling women experience in corporations ( Commentary  ,   Aug .  14 )   .  
 Freelen would n ' t reveal the list of candidates but said  ,   `` We  ' ve taken a  HARD  look at 12 to 14 people .   '  '  
 Take a  HARD  look at your own ARM or home-equity line of credit  .  
 She says Hammer should n ' t have been surprised that the county took a  HARD  line on the bonds  .  
He gave a short  HARD  laugh and looked at her knowingly .  
 in terms of  HARD  cash  ,  this is calculated to bring in *+20 to *+25 more profit from every hundred baconers sold  ,  without taking into consideration the streamlining of labour and the simplification of mixing and storage  .  
 THE cut in the short-term prime business-loan rate by major banks puts new light on a key development under way in the national mortgage market :  The price spread between long-term fixed and short-term adjustable-rate mortgages has widened to the point where smart money-shoppers should take a  HARD  look at adjustables  .  
 `` But trying to put it into  HARD  points  ,   and number of victories  ,   that  ' s really tough  .  ### 
 `` The next day  ,   I walked in and talked to Coach Seifert  ,   and there were no  HARD  feelings .   '  '  
 `` All the windows that I broke as a kid  ,   all the things that I broke and she had to pay for  ,   she was never a  HARD  mom  .  
 `` This is one of those instances where merit and  HARD  work have paid off  ,   "  said Judge Gordon Baranco  ,   one of Armstrong  ' s colleagues on the Alameda County Superior Court  .  
When we become firm enough to stand for those ideals which we know to be right ,  when we become  HARD  enough to refuse to aid nations which do not permit self-determination ,  when we become strong enough to resist any more drifts towards socialism in our own Nation ,  when we recognize that our enemy is Communism not war ,  and when we realize that concessions to Communists do not insure peace or freedom ,  then ,  and only then will we no longer be ``soft '  '  .  
 `` The city allowed officers to be overworked so much they became  HARD  and cold  ,   "  Pugh said in an interview last week  .  
 But what does he get for his  HARD  work  ?  
Success ,  for many turnpikes ,  has come  HARD  .  
 yesterday they were backing their fancy with  HARD  cash  ,  and shares enjoyed their best day for a long time  .  
 Nankin said the board has been taking a  HARD  look at the symphony  ' s budget  ,   but has made no decisions on what to do if the deficit remains large  .  
 After two years of  HARD  work  ,   Denice decided to call it quits  .  
 The public appears ready to believe that many institutions achieve their athletic goals not through honest effort  ,   but through equivocation  ,   not by  HARD  work and sacrifice  ,   but by hook and crook .   '  '  
 The first women sleuths were so  HARD  that V . I  .  
 Among defensive backs  ,   Todd Bowles  ,   David Whitmore  ,   Greg Cox and Kevin Lewis will get  HARD  looks  .  
 That miracle happened to him at Maryland State Prison  ,   where he was serving  HARD  time for assaulting a guard  ,   which followed his conviction on weapons-possession charges  ,   which followed his earlier manslaughter conviction for killing a man in a knife fight  .  
 Neither industry nor the highway administration has  HARD  figures to indicate those commutes are growing in length  .  
 That was 12 years  ,   a lot of  HARD  work and $350  ,  000 ago  .  
 There are no  HARD  feelings  ,   "  Malone added  .  
 The 32-year-old professional dog handler knows that the secret to producing champions is just plain  ,   doggone  HARD  work  .  
 It  ' s a day well spent because insurance companies like to have the cold  ,    HARD  facts when you  ' re faced with a loss  .  
 `` I can ' t give you  HARD  data  ,   "  says Loden  ,   `` but if you look at who  ' s moving ahead inside the Fortune 500 companies  ,   it  ' s clear that women are doing better than minorities  ,   and that white women are doing better overall than women of color .   '  '  
 The video is basically for those of us who find other exercise tapes a bit too demanding  ,   owing to a general laziness  ,   weakness of character and fear of  HARD  work on our part  .  
 And you thought the  HARD  work was behind you  .  
 Residents there can look forward to some  HARD  work with good social dividends  .  
 The  HARD  work pays off though  ,   Eylar said  .  
 And for anybody who does n ' t mind a little  HARD  work  .  
 Sammy hopes all the adult learners stick with the program despite the  HARD  work  .  
 Then again  ,   maybe I have to take a long  ,    HARD  look at some of the other fragrances on the market  .  
 Weekend fighting between rebels and government forces in Colombia killed 31 people  ,   and a newspaper reported Sunday that Colombia  ' s leftist insurgency had adopted a new  HARD  line  .  
 It does n ' t take talent or brains or  HARD  work  .  
 I hope that somebody has taken a long  ,    HARD  look at what it could cost in property damage  ,   injuries and possibly deaths when kids receive less training than they do today  .  
 But this astonishment of mine was much increased  ,  when some days after  ,  a storm came upon us  ,  and the captain rushed out of the cabin in his nightcap  ,  and nothing else but his shirt on ; and leaping up on the poop  ,  began to jump up and down  ,  and curse and swear  ,  and call the men aloft all manner of  HARD  names  ,  just like a common loafer in the street  .  
 `` All our  HARD  work -- gone  !   "  we cry  ,   beating our breasts and knuckling our foreheads  .  
 The young man was a teammate trying to give her a  HARD  time  ,   and the team manager was n ' t doing much to stop it  .  
 For two centuries  ,   we  ' ve done the  HARD  work of freedom  .  
 But if your broker is regularly changing venues  ,   you ought to take a  HARD  look at whether the fast money means everything to that person -- and whether he or she is getting ahead by generating lots of commissions to earn the title of `` big producer  ,   "  at your expense  .  
 The country will only get its money  ' s worth when it goes through the  HARD  work of setting priorities  .  
 Bill McCann  ,   general manager of the water district  ,   said  ,   `` If the council were to decide to ask our board to do it ( eliminate restricters )   ,   I ' m sure the board would take a  HARD  look at it .   '  '  
The  HARD  core of the pro-Communist rebel force numbers only some 2 , 000 tough Viet Minh guerrilla fighters .  
 But the lender ( who forecloses )  has the responsibility of selling property and getting the money in a  HARD  market  ,   "  Swinson said  .  
 `` She was a very  HARD   ,   tough woman  .  
 But he refused to predict whether he would be able to cobble together a governing coalition and said he expects three weeks of  HARD  bargaining with all the non-socialist parties  .  
 `` It  ' s  HARD  on you physically  .  
 The fourth-  ,   fifth- and sixth-graders at Sakamoto Elementary School in the Oak Grove School District in South San Jose wanted  HARD  answers to some tough questions from Hammer during her quick stop there as part of a whirlwind tour of District 10  .  
 Italy  ' s decision to adopt a  HARD  line with its third wave of Albanian boat people appears to be working  .  
 Golden is looking for people willing to do  HARD  work  ,   and we  ' re having him send you an application  .  
 Talking to reporters in Kennebunkport  ,   Maine  ,   where President Bush is vacationing  ,   White House spokesman Marlin Fitzwater said :  `` The fact is  ,   we don ' t have  HARD  information  .  
 Unless some  HARD  evidence has turned up that free trade in 1992 would have devastating effects  ,   we think the delay is unwarranted  .  
 The author  ,   a former industrial film maker  ,   has the knack of weaving in  HARD  information about video production without making you feel cornered by a self-absorbed film major  .  
 Syria  ,   Israel  ' s most implacable foe  ,   hewed to its traditional  HARD  line  .  
 the standard  ,  of course  ,  is very different from the  HARD   ,  expensive glitter of West Germany  .  
 `` I guess we  ' ll find out the  HARD  way ( if circulation does not increase )  .   '  '  
 It  ' s a wonderful mystery  ,   which has produced many theories  ,   but no  HARD  answers  .  
Most of us would be willing to admit that forgiveness comes  HARD  .  
 English Professor Herbert Lindenberger feared that humanities departments would suffer the brunt of the budget cuts because  ,   unlike the  HARD  sciences  ,   they bring in few overhead dollars  .  
 One of the chief complaints was that the floodlight from the ceiling was too bright  ,   its glare  HARD  on the eyes of council members  .  
 Foreign airlines also are beginning to take a  HARD  look at their coach class  .  
 To play the hand it has dealt itself  ,   the company and the UAW assert that they have pulled together all the  HARD  lessons learned from the Japanese  ,   the consultants and others about design  ,   engineering  ,   technology  ,   manufacturing  ,   labor-management relations and `` working smart .   '  '  
 Here are these men and women so committed to kids they are willing to take on a second job for peanuts and give up their free time after a  HARD  day on the regular job and they get a kick in the teeth for it  .  
 `` But sometimes it is  HARD  work  .  
 Ed Southerland is vice president of Robert Half Co .  of Washington  ,   a company that finds jobs for financial and accounting people  ,   and he defends the stern personnel policies that generate much of his clientele :  ;  `` Somebody  ' s got to take a cold  ,    HARD  look at the numbers and move on  .  
 No one  ,   in fact  ,   defended the content of the series  ,   and several speakers from the audience chided the board for not being  HARD  enough on the textbooks  .  
 All of this is going to require some  HARD  work and some imagination  ,   but for the most part I suspect we  ' ll enjoy the process  ,   as well as the final result  .  
 I want to thank council members Alane Loisel and Gary Mello for their  HARD  work on the Fremont City Council  .  
The weekly loss is partly counterbalanced by 500 arrivals each week from West Germany ,  but the  HARD  truth ,  says Crossman ,  is that ``The closing off of East Berlin without interference from the West and with the use only of East German ,  as distinct from Russian ,  troops was a major Communist victory ,  which dealt West Berlin a deadly ,  possibly a fatal ,  blow .  
 He appears to be a solid citizen who has turned himself into an excellent defensive player through  HARD  work  .  
 He said Democrats are playing `` straight politics  ,    HARD  ball  ,   "  by showing no willingness to find middle ground on the matter  .  
If she and Pete were really getting serious ,  I ' d have to do some  HARD  thinking .  
 Before you commit yourself to a career  ,   you need to take a  HARD  look at salaries  ,   advancement opportunities and the market environments of fields you might choose  .  
 It is tempting to believe  ,   as so many Americans do  ,   that state legislatures live by Ronald Reagan  ' s maxim :  `` I know that  HARD  work never killed anyone  ,   but I figure why take the chance  ?    '  '  
 But despite the  HARD  work he put into his companies  ,   family members say his first love was fishing  ,   an activity he enjoyed best on the Sacramento-San Joaquin River Delta  .  
 There are few  HARD  explanations for the wide disparity between men and women  .  
 Sayles  ,   never the sunniest of chroniclers  ,   here takes a long  ,    HARD  look at the inner city  .  
 But  ,   in American labor politics  ,   he identifies with what he imagines to be `` the  HARD  line  rank-and-file party  '  '  -- unlikely supporters for a compact among labor  ,   business and government  .  
 but Howie worked me in after a lot of  HARD  thinking  .  
 `` And it all happened because of  HARD  work  .  
 ETC .  :  The New York Giants and Mark Bavaro have agreed on a financial settlement that ends  HARD  feelings between the club and the former All-Pro tight end  ,   who was waived because of knee injuries  .  
She smiled at Winston ,  and he saw the hateful  HARD  glitter in her eyes .  
 Whichever team does n ' t has a long  ,    HARD  road  .  
 The work is already  HARD   .  
 THE San Jose Museum of Art Auxiliary  ' s recent debut fashion show luncheon will be a  HARD  act to follow  .  
 And if California does n ' t soften its  HARD  line on mounting business regulation  ,   others say  ,   the Inland Empire will never attract the strong manufacturing base needed to keep growth intact  .  
the old gal stared at me with her  HARD  eyes ,  said ,  ``She didn ' t call .  
 it can be done  ,  but it needs goodwill and  HARD  work  .  
 The current recession is causing many chief executives to take a  HARDER  look at technology spending  .  
 After four years of  HARD  work  ,   I was waiting for this for a long time  .  
 While Bush gave Iran a pat on the back  ,   his spokesman struck a  HARDER  tone  .  
 `` The  HARD  work is ahead  ,   and that is taking advantage of this  .   .   .  tragedy and turning it to produce increased stability and security in the Middle East  ,   "  Scowcroft said on ABC-TV  ' s `` This Week With David Brinkley .   '  '  
 `` It was  HARD  work six days a week  ,   but it was a great experience and opened doors for me  ,   "  said the modest  ,   soft-spoken Lam  .  
 The  HARD  work has included caulking the cracks in the house  ,   scraping off old paint and replacing cracked boards  .  
 At the end of his  HARD   ,   long and especially good day  ,   Piniella paid a visit to the Reds  '  administrative offices  ,   where he quickly was stopped by an autograph-seeking secretary  .  
 Cheney repeatedly refused to say that he had achieved  HARD  and fast agreements with any of the six countries he visited  ,   nor would he reveal any details of his talks  .  
 The new Nintendo `` is going to be a  HARDER  sell than people originally anticipated  ,   "  he said  .  
 The wines have six or seven months in bottle to settle down and gain some harmony ;  they were a bit  HARD  when they first arrived last spring  .  
 The  HARD  work and caring is evident  ,   by both the carefully prepared meals and the friendly atmosphere  .  
 After all  ,   he said  ,   there  ' s  HARD  work involved -- every volunteer will be expected to attend weekly meetings for six months  .  
 Much of what I learned was no surprise -- the  HARD  work  ,   dedication and enthusiasm of the teaching staff was pretty inspirational stuff to me  ,   the jaded business executive  .  
 Years of  HARD  work and savings often get lost in the process  .  
 That means taking a long  ,    HARD  look at your spending to see what can be cut  .  
 He was sidetracked by his first real love  ,   fancy cars  ,   and after years of  HARD  work found himself the owner of a chain of Bay Area auto body shops that specialized in BMWs and Mercedes  .  
 Writing  ' s  HARD  work  ,   all right  ,   but it does n ' t take up a lot of Canin  ' s day  .  
You are conscientious ,   HARD  working ,  honest ,  accurate ,  a good penman ,  and a stickler for a job well done ,  with no loose ends .  
 I admit that I may be a little  HARD  on Quayle  ,   but should n ' t we  ,   as a nation  ,   expect more from our vice president  ?  
 We just can ' t let  HARD  work and drive create favorable environments for those willing to make the effort as opposed to those unwilling to do so  .  
 ( check )  Those who had Mentors most frequently cited dedication  ,    HARD  work  ,   intelligence and enthusiasm as the characteristics that led to Mentors choosing them  .  
 The next day  ,   Flaherty learned the  HARD  numbers :  Mineta owed $5  ,  027 to the congressional dining room  .  
 The report urged lawmakers to take a  HARD  look at the tax breaks `` whose rationales and objectives are no longer valid or of low priority .   '  '  
 Hence the agreement last week  ,   after two-day  ' s  HARD  bargaining among the community  ' s foreign ministers  ,   to delete any mention of a `` federal goal  '  '  in the draft treaty being prepared for Maastricht in favor of a reference to `` an ever closer union of the states and an administration as close as possible to its citizens .   '  '  
 All black people are beneficiaries of special race-based assistance ;  no black succeeds because of family  ,   teachers  ,   intelligence  ,    HARD  work or good character  .  
 Affirmative action is there to help people who  ,   despite  HARD  work and drive  ,   might not be hired  ,   promoted or admitted into prestigious universities because of their gender or race  .  
 President Bush tried to patch up an embarrassing split with his Desert Storm commander Thursday by telephoning Gen .  H .  Norman Schwarzkopf to reassure him that there are no  HARD  feelings  .  
 In these areas  ,   they say  ,   a little  HARD  work can truly pay off when it comes time to sell  .  
 Valdiosera  ' s story can be viewed as the affirmation of the American dream :  Regardless of your origins  ,   you can overcome the most difficult obstacles to get what you want through  HARD  work and determination  .  
 Match the appropriate card with the monitor ( most dealers can get this basic step right )  and  ,   above all  ,   take a long  ,    HARD  look at the screen  .  
 There are still no  HARD  answers to the question of what drove Lewiston  ,   a nationally known innovator of lung transplant techniques  ,   to such a complicated emotional life  .  
 Her sloppy phrasing was the aural equivalent of a drunk bumping into light poles and garbage cans after a  HARD  night on the town  .  
 Fed up by that  ,   the players union has hired a new front man  ,   Bob Goodenow  ,   whose negotiating team is taking a  HARDER  line against the owners than ever before  .  
 Today  ,   the Gates sound somewhat dated  ,   lacking the emotional force of the ``  HARD   '  '  gospel singers  ,   but they show a side of gospel that is often overlooked -- its consummate technical expertise and professionalism  .  
 `` There are no  HARD  feelings  ,   "  Humphrey said  .  
 It is the road that might reward  HARD  work and discipline  ,   that might reward intelligence  ,   that might be fair and provide equal opportunity  .  
 That  ' s the  HARD  truth city council members presented when they passed a $66 million general fund budget for fiscal 1992 that will trim programs and services to make up a $2 . 5 million shortfall  .  
 The Mercury News publishes a glitzy cover story to highlight its Home section  ,   admittedly not a portion devoted to  HARD  news  .  
 `` At first the guys on the other teams really give me a  HARD  time  ,   "  she said  .  
 `` He also has great strength that he  ' s developed through  HARD  work .   '  '  
 In a 1960s survey  ,   nearly 60 percent of Americans believed ``  HARD  work always pays off .   '  '  
 FLEER :  The players are supposed to `` leap right off  '  '  the cards because of pastel backgrounds that appear to recede inside a  HARD  green border  .  
 `` Lotteries are moving toward  HARDER  forms of gambling to deflect criticism from their stagnant sales  ,   and states are looking toward HARDER forms of gambling  ,   envisioning that they will generate the revenues that lotteries did  ,   "  said Michael Jones  ,   whose Chicago-based marketing promotion company specializes in gaming  .  
 she had an instant ' s glimpse of grey eyes  ,   HARD  as steel  ,  then his lips were on hers  .  
 `` After this action  ,   you  ' re going to get  HARD  positions  .  
 But Bellamy  ' s versatility stemmed from  HARD  work behind the scenes  ,   friends said  .  
 Rosaldo said some crack dealers possess `` Horatio Alger values  '  '  of  HARD  work and self-reliance  .  
 There was a  HARD   ,   bitter edge in his voice as he accused federal prosecutors of hounding him while ignoring wrongdoing by white officials  .  
 Take a  HARD  look at the present successes and failures in your yard  ,   especially plants that are suffering from freeze damage  .  
 They see stories of a young man from a broken family who raised himself out of abject poverty with the help of stern but loving grandparents  ,   who instilled in him the value of  HARD  work  .  
 The committee released a memorandum written by Gates in 1984  ,   when he was director of the CIA  ' s analysis branch  ,   advocating a far  HARDER  line against leftist Nicaragua than the administration was then pursuing  .  
 They like the Democrats better on the `` soft  '  '  issues ;  but until they  ' re convinced the Democrats are safe on the ``  HARD   '  '  issues  ,   they wo n ' t put them in charge of the executive branch  .  
His tone is the weakest part of his equipment; it tends to be  HARD  and colorless .  
 Smith received praise Thursday from school officials  ,   fellow trustees and even recall supporters for his intelligence  ,    HARD  work and diligence  .  
 But with help from Campbell  ' s office and a year of  HARD  work  ,   he tapped corporate and private donors for $60  ,  000  .  
 But the  HARD  truth is that for a 55-year-old worker worried about his or her job a goodbye bonus is an offer he or she usually can ' t refuse  .  
 Today  ,   thanks to a lot of industrywide soul searching and  HARD  work  ,   it means something quite different  .  
 If this is what you are doing  ,   you should not be billing your clients for  HARD  work  ,   which they can plainly see they are not getting  .  
 `` I want to work very  HARD  for the next four  ,   five years and be able around 65 to say to myself  ,    ' OK  ,   you should slow down .  '  
 not only do we remember them for their great accomplishments in a  HARD  working  lifetime but we are grateful that they handed on their knowledge to others  .  
 ``   ' The Torkelsons  '  is a lovely show  ,   but they  ' re wedged in between two  HARD   ,   adult comedies  ,   "  he said  .  
 She  ' s also  HARD  at work on an autobiography  .  
 But her  HARD  work and talents earned her the second princess title -- and an invitation from the owner of the Step by Step Dance Group in San Francisco to join the group  .  
 The 1986 was a little  HARD  and needed a few more years of age  ,   but it was the 1987 that stole the show  .  
 NBC News president Michael Gartner said in a statement issued Sunday that the trip was neither ``  HARD  news nor journalistically significant  ,   and we disclosed through on-air credits that facilities and air fare were provided to us .   '  '  
 Lean from the  HARD  work and tanned from the long hours in the sun  ,   Gallucci laughs as he describes how he and eight other dredgers filed claims with SP for compensation for the nine days they could not work  .  
 After Apple exceeded $5 billion in sales  ,   Graziano said  ,   `` we took a  HARD  look at our business and our position in the industry  .  
 `` I am going to take a  HARD  look at each operating segment  ,   and we may have to do adjustments in particular areas  ,   "  Amelio said  .  
 `` Some make a mysticism of this declaration  ,   but it is  HARD  common sense ;  for the lesson you will learn from me is this :  Every kingdom over which we reign must be first formed within us on what I as a bicycle look upon as the common parade ground of individual thought .   '  '  
 Authorities have counterattacked with old-fashioned  HARD  work  ,   like piecing together shredded evidence  ,   and by developing a corps of their own electronics experts  .  
 The 53-year-old mayor spent nearly $1 million on his re-election -- mostly money from business and downtown interests -- but dropped several percentage points after three months of  HARD  campaigning  .  
 There is no  HARD  evidence that the mercury in dental fillings poses any health threat despite concerns raised last year by a Canadian study and a report on `` 60 Minutes  ,   "  a government-sponsored panel of experts unanimously said Wednesday  .  
Arlene had a  HARD  voice ,  too ,  this time .  
 a dutiful teacher puts his back into his work and is apt to be  HARD  and unbending  .  
  HARD  igneous rocks  ,  such as granite  ,  made serviceable weights  ,  reasonably impervious to moisture and capable of withstanding HARD wear and exposure  .  
 He said that `` on this journey we will reaffirm the values of our ancestors --  HARD  work  ,   determination  ,   will  ,   thrift  ,   productivity  ,   perseverance  .  
 Not only is music essential as a reflection of our culture  ,   argues teacher David Anderson  ,   it also teaches students the value of  HARD  work and cooperation  ,   raises self-esteem and often translates into higher grades and test scores in subjects more commonly regarded as basic skills  .  
You ' re pretty  HARD  on him '  '  .  
 Do the  HARD  work of freedom  .  
 a good old-fashioned breakfast - and really good breakfast dishes are among the most pleasing forms of food - is appreciated by the energetic  ,  as a prelude to a day ' s walking or climbing or fishing in the holidays  ,  or as a good basis for a day of  HARD  work ; even on Sunday it is something to sustain you for perusal of the newspapers  ,  though not the best aid to keeping awake during a long sermon  .  
 `` But did he excel by sheer dint of  HARD  work  ?   "  the Times asked  .  
 `` Doing the play before a sea of very  HARD  men  ,   I felt this eerie kind of power  .  
 I ' m  HARD  on myself  .  
 It  ' s the culmination of a decade of  HARD  work and risk-taking by the 31-year-old West Virginia native  ,   who has seen six of her songs hit No .  1 on the charts  ,   and recently released her seventh album  ,   `` Time Passes By .   '  '  
 Here are my notes on the wines in the order in which they were tasted :  ;  ( box )  1988 Echezeaux :  Smoky and tasting of brown sugar  ,   pretty and lively with  HARD  tannins ;  closed and young  ,   charming but simple and quite forward .  ( 90 )  There are 94 acres in this appellation of which DRC owns 11  .  
 their loyalty and  HARD  work have greatly contributed to the success of the company  .  
 What makes him different is his profession ;  he  ' s a big-money ballplayer in the public eye and there are numbers  ,    HARD  and fast numbers such as 21 and  . 201  ,   that strongly suggest he  ' s bringing his problems to work  .  
 Q :  When you were working out your deal at Elektra  ,   did you have a  HARD  time persuading the executives to let you do this album  ?  
 President Bush praised the EC action and said Washington was `` taking a  HARD  look  '  '  at whether to impose sanctions  .  
 No one has  HARD  numbers to prove it  ,   but language experts insist that more U . S .  companies are reaching that conclusion  .  
 Dole urged that the NAACP `` should come back to America  ,   where equal opportunity and  HARD  work are values embraced not only by Judge Thomas  ,   but by the overwhelming majority of Americans  ,   both white and black .   '  '  
 he wanted badly to tell him how sorry he was for the  HARD   ,  offhand way he had sometimes behaved to him  .  
 `` A belief in the value of  HARD  work and industriousness ( is )  the basis for social and economic good  ,   "  the report said  .  
 In five years as director of San Jose Repertory Theatre  ,   Near has explored provocative topics such as the survival of love in a  HARD  world ( `` Arms and the Man  ,   "  `` Burning Patience  '  '  and `` A Streetcar Named Desire  '  '  all came from that season )  ;  the illusion of success ( that was the year of `` All My Sons  ,   "  `` The Rainmaker  '  '  and `` Orphans  '  '  )  ;  and the aftereffects of loneliness ( `` Fences  ,   "  `` The Caretaker  ,   "  `` Dracula  '  '  and `` The Geography of Luck  '  '  )   .  
 `` Our people definitely thought it was  HARD  work  ,   but everyone agreed it was worth it  ,   "  recalled Sun  ' s volunteer coordinator  ,   Jennifer Sims  .  
 There were no  HARD  feelings between the Weeds  .  
 `` That  ' s perfectly OK  ,   but it  ' s  HARD  on individual people .   '  '  
 there were firemen and policemen and ambulances  ,  and the eyes of the spectators were  HARD  with disaster  .  
 Family members recalled Saturday how  ,   with  HARD  work  ,   he was able to successfully re-establish his family  .  
 the American people are now learning the  HARD  way how difficult it is to act in accordance with cool and rational principles when a supposedly vital national interest is threatened by a dictator with a highly charged weight of public emotion driving him forward  .  
 For millions of readers his name was synonymous with action  ,   intrigue  ,   suspense and mystery  ,   but Greene did not think he had talent  ,   just patience and a penchant for  HARD  work  .  
 after the approval  ,  if I remember the figure rightly  ,  of some seven proposed long-distance routes -LRB-  it was six or seven  ,  or something of that order  -RRB-  ,  which meant a great deal of  HARD  work for the commission and in surveying on the spot  ,  even now  ,  more than ten years after this work began  ,  none of these long-distance routes is yet completely open to walkers or to horsemen in these beautiful areas  .  
 But for a variety of reasons -- not least among them the liability and the cost of accidents -- several police departments have begun to take a  HARDER  look at chases  ,   particularly for traffic violations  .  
 While the Baltic republics have been planning their independence moves for years and are certain to go ahead  ,   `` with the others  ,   when they take a good  HARD  look at the consequences  ,   it may cause a lot of the republics to reconsider .   '  '  
 `` listen to me  ,  my man  ,   '  '  he said grimly  ,  as he laid a  HARD  hand on Fred ' s arm  .  
 There is no one more devoted  ,   more committed to the  HARD  work of freedom  ,   than every soldier and sailor  ,   every Marine  ,   airman and Coast Guardsman -- every man and woman now serving in the Persian Gulf  .  
 SOLEDAD sits on the floor of a dry  ,   flat valley in farm country  ,   a cluster of off-white barracks encircled by a high fence  ,   under a sun as  HARD  as the wind  ,   bright and relentless  .  
 Shakespeare  ' s famous tragedy took a  HARDER  line  ,   of course  ,   with bodies all over the stage  ,   and now Jane Smiley presents us with a new version  ,   set on an Iowa farm in 1979  ,   that is  ,   in its way  ,   as intelligent  ,   compelling  ,   complex and heartbreaking as his  .  
 But he says the Rand data may persuade doctors to take another  HARD  look at their chiropractor colleagues  .  
 But then it was  ,    ' Damn  ,   when are we going to get home  ?    '   "  ;  In cold  ,    HARD  terms -- five games  ,   six weeks and 11  ,  590 miles from now  .  
 President Bush asked Americans on Tuesday night to share in the ``  HARD  work of freedom  '  '  by defeating tyranny in the Persian Gulf and embracing volunteerism and individual initiative at home  .  
 During this recession and  HARD  economic times  ,   I am grateful that I have a steady job that I enjoy  .  
 For all the  HARD  work and all the pain you go through periodically  ,   it is a magnificent profession  .  
 Havemann suggests that consumers who expect to be in their homes for only three to five years take a  HARD  look at discount-rate adjustables  .  
 `` We  ' re taking a  HARD  look at ourselves  ,   "  defensive end Pierce Holt said  .  
 `` He was essentially an uneducated man  ,   but through  HARD  work and determination  ,   with his wife  ,   they became landowners  .  
 But beyond the claims of  HARD  necessity  ,   Wilson has argued that cutting welfare support should be viewed as a beneficial because it will encourage work efforts  .  
 On one level  ,   he is stating a  HARD  truth  .  
Her brother Karl was a very gentle soul ,  her mother was a quiet woman who said little but who had  HARD  ,  probing eyes .  
 Those only are worth having which come as the result of  HARD  fighting  .  
 But  ,   Baker said  ,   `` It is the firm hope and desire and wish of my government  ,   of my president that we will not let what could be a historic opportunity pass for want of a willingness to commit ourselves to do the real  HARD  work of peace .   '  '  
 But American  ' s students had to take a  HARD  look at their school  ,   which programs they would like to keep  ,   which ones they can do without  .  
 He said he had no  HARD  feelings about losing his post  .  
 In a speech Thursday in Baltimore  ,   Shamir took a  HARD  line on the negotiations with the Arabs  ,   saying Israeli needs to hold onto former Arab lands to protect itself against surrounding `` tyrannies and dictatorships .   '  '  
 That includes sprint-boat racing ( whatever that is )   ,   as Mike Woodger and Chris Paddon learned the  HARD  way in Melbourne  ,   although neither was injured when the 400-horsepower boat hit an embankment  .  
 `` Investors also need to know that this market is more volatile  .   .   .  so they should take a  HARD  look at the companies before investing  ,   "  Collins added  .  
 There is no way I ' m wasting an hour driving to S . F .   ,   another hour searching for parking  ,   after a confusing  ,   furious  ,   intense  HARD  day  ' s work  .  
 `` It  ' s pretty  HARD  work  ,   "  says Walter  .  
 But Kennedy said he believed the  HARD  feelings of the campaign had been set aside  .  
 Ohio State  ' s Jim Jackson  ,   who led the team with 19 points  ,   said :  `` It  ' s really frustrating to go out this way after as  HARD  as we  ' ve worked all year  .  
 `` We think it  ' s a very major breakthrough  ,   "  Schoemehl said  ,   `` but the really  HARD  work still is in front of us .   '  '  
 Mrs .  Goulart served as the bookkeeper  ,   and her husband says her  HARD  work and attention to detail helped make the store a success  .  
 There were no  HARD  feelings  ,   though  .  
 Plans to renew grazing leases ;  It also will take a  HARD  look at a profitable sideline business -- the leasing of 30  ,  000 acres to cattle ranchers for grazing  .  
 Several members of the subcommittee  ,   however  ,   said the government should take a long  ,    HARD  look at the future of the plane  .  
 Without ever raring back and letting go with the  HARD  stuff  ,   Harris opened the stakes for a starting job with a fine performance before a crowd of 8  ,  087  .  
 My companion enjoyed a healthy slice of the chocolate mousse cake  ,   made with a  HARD  chocolate crust  ,   topping a sponge cake with either strawberry or raspberry on the bottom  .   
 `` I feel that the  HARD  court is my best surface overall  ,   "  Courier said  .    
 Water becomes stiff and  HARD  as clear stone  .    
 Statistics Canada said that of the  hard  red spring wheat remaining in the storage bins of western farmers  ,  about 47 % was of the top grade  ,  up from 46 % last year  .   
 Lendl  ,   a three-time U . S .  Open champion  ,   leads their series 13-10 and is 2-1 against Edberg on  HARD  courts this year  .    
 Once thickened  ,   the polenta might be enhanced with salt  ,   pepper  ,   a ground  HARD  cheese such as Asiago or Romano and seasoned with fresh herbs  ,   such as chopped basil  ,   sage or oregano  .     
 `` Playing at the  ' Stick  ,   you get a lot of spike marks that stay in the dirt because the ground is so  HARD   .   
 Downs  ,   whose annual shoulder trouble apparently was remedied with surgery last April  ,   threw progressively better this spring but developed an inflamed big right toe as his foot rubbed the  HARD  Arizona dirt during his follow-through  .    
 The advent of AstroTurf means players are moving faster and hitting a  HARDER  surface  .     
 The crystals make the varnish extremely  hard   ,  `` probably 100 times tougher  '  '  than varnish used on violins for the last 150 years  ,  and explain the mystery of the old violins  '  unique sheen  ,  he says  .   
 My only complaint here is that the industrial-strength roll is too  HARD  on the outside and too thick  .   
 One sells at $1  , 695 ; the other costs $600 more for a ``  hard   '  '  disk storing 10  , 000 pages of data  .   
 The 50 paintings and 60 works on paper in the show consist largely of geometric reductions of the human form -- all  HARD  lines and kaleidoscopic constructions  .   
 Snow was hired to bring a  HARDER  edge and ideological spirit to Bush  ' s speeches as he moves toward the 1992 election  .   
 Workers carefully scraped away 19 inches of  HARD  dirt on top of the vault of Dr .  Carl Austin Weiss  ,   who died in a hail of bullets along with Long in 1935  .    
 The drying period is important :  It may take as long as a month for a cutting to `` callus off  ,   "  or form a  HARD   ,   leathery seal -- but Long says when a fresh cutting is put in a potting medium without the callus  ,   it usually rots  .    
 On the day before the Lockerbie explosion  ,   the two Libyans flew from Libya to Malta with a large  ,   brown  ,    HARD  sided  Samsonite suitcase  .     
 The spotlight will be on  hard  red winter wheat  ,  which is primarily used for export and to make bread  .   
 The Berkeley-based company said its product  ,   which must be refrigerated  ,   is more like mousse than candy since the truffles that have  HARD  chocolate shells are high in cream content and low in sugar  .   
 The  HARD   ,   boxy edges have been rounded for a more aerodynamic appearance  .    
 lumps of a very dark and  HARD  ferruginous sandstone  ,  recalling a tropical laterite  ,  can also be found with ironstained Purbeck slabs in the surrounding arable fields  .     
 As Reynolds prepares to introduce Camel Ninety Nines  ,   a longer-length cigarette in a  HARD  pack ;  continues testing Horizon  ,   a brand that it promotes as having improved-aroma smoke  ,   and prepares an image overhaul for its flagship Winston brand  ,   it does so without publicity or public relations campaigns  .   
 If the existing surface is made of wood  ,   you may not have to install a  HARD  flooring such as ceramic tile  ,   stone or vinyl over it  .    
 `` it was an ordinary green Ford Consul with a  HARD  top - like an ordinary saloon  .     
 But Carlton said the money was in a  HARD  cardboard box when he handed it to the aide for delivery to Noriega  .    
 Shin and knee guards -- Made of  HARD  plastic  ,   they are similar to the shin guards worn by catchers in baseball  .    
 Even though we use cold  ,   filtered water in our tea kettle  ,   it has developed a  HARD   ,   cracked gray crust on the bottom during the few months we  ' ve been here  .     
 As the scar tissue grows to form a thick capsule around the implant  ,   it can cause the breasts to become  HARD  and sometimes sore  .   
 Boys will be in dark pants  ,   tri-cornered hats and  HARD  soled  shoes  .     
 Malaysia  ' s electronics industry is between a rock and a  hard  place  .   
 A general rule to keep in mind is that when cooking cheese it should be done on medium unless it is a  HARD  cheese such as grated Parmesan or Romano  .   
 Jeffrey Edelman  ,  an analyst at Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc .   ,  said Penney also has done `` a very good job of placing more emphasis on profitable soft goods  ,  while moving out of less profitable  hard  goods  categories such as electronics and sporting goods  .   '  '   
 Little Boos  ,   with their  HARD  white skin  ,   are not for cooking  .    
 As the name suggests  ,   a green plantain has a  HARD  bright green skin  .   
 Rub the swab at the point on the roof of the mouth where the  hard  surface becomes soft  ,   known as the junction of the hard and soft palates  .   
 They said the pasta was too  HARD   .    
 Perhaps FMC should knock off the tank treads and put on rubber tires  ,   replace the 5 mpg engines with more efficient ones  ,   replace the  HARD  seats with soft cushions  ,   and mark down the prices a wee bit to compete with other luxury cars  .    
 Not everybody minds noise as much as I do  ,   but in the wooden Mountain House  ,   all  HARD  surfaces  ,   even a small crowd can rattle the windows  .   
 this box sheeting was then extended up the length of the lock in the form of a 2 ft wide trench in order to drain the head of the lock  ,  the trench being filled with  HARD  core over drain  .     
 The intonation wavered again and again in the Stravinsky `` Apollo  ,   "  and the sound texture in the Puccini piece turned  HARD  and unyielding  .    
 But  HARD  covers  always have had a few refuges  .   
 Onion seeds have a  HARD  seed coat  .    
 Good jobs have been disappearing from this  hard  scrabble  river town for years  .   
 Becker matched Lendl  ' s nine aces but won this match with his more dynamic net play  ,   diving and rolling on the  HARD  court as if frolicking on grass  .    
 Its different flavor results from its firing in a  HARD  seasoned-wood   ,   brick oven  .   
 In the slow boring of  HARD  boards  ,   Congress and the president keep hitting bit -- breaking knots -- the deficit  ,   health care and education policy  ,   the environment  ,   our rotting infrastructure  .   
 Ragged scrubland and manicured lawns had the same bleak blanket of  HARD  gray crust  .   
 there was no time for rejoicing  ,  but the  HARD   ,  firm shape of the automatic sent a new confidence surging through his body  .    
 She always has been attracted to contradictory impulses  ,   the `` dual natures  '  '  suggested by the exhibit  ' s title :   HARD  vs .  soft  ,   feminine vs .  masculine  .    
 He said the blister was caused by dragging his foot on a  HARD  mound while pitching in Arizona  .   
 I  ' ve heard that many women spritz and spritz until even the split ends are  HARD  enough to cut glass  .    
 Surface key :  frm pkd &equals ;  firm packed  ,   hrd pkd &equals ;   HARD  packed  ,   mch grm &equals ;  machine groomed  ,   pkd pwdr &equals ;  packed powder  ,   pwdr &equals ;  powder  .   
 Most of the time the change is incremental  ,   in the evocative words of Max Weber  ,   `` a strong and slow boring of  HARD  boards .   '  '  
 That record-breaking  HARD  freeze ravished tropical and Mediterranean plants in Bay Area gardens  .   
 The play equipment  ,   sand and  HARD  surface for handicapped access cost about $160  ,  000  ,   said Lincoln Fong  ,   senior landscape architect for the city  .   
 This time on the  hard  courts of the mint green National Tennis Center the match was a fitting finish to a day that featured victories by a parade of Australian Open champions -- Edberg  ,   the 1985 and 1987 winner  ,   Ivan Lendl the 1989 and 1990 winner  ,   and Mats Wilander the 1983  ,   1984 and 1988 winner  .   
 These include covering a cake with a  HARD  glaze of sugar and gelatin or using wood as a temporary frame for floating sculptures  .    
 When collagen forms  ,   women are likely to develop a fibrous `` capsule  '  '  around the implant that becomes  HARD  and sometimes sore  .   
 Silicon carbide  ' s problem is that  ,  because it  ' s so  hard   ,  it  ' s also brittle  ,  and thus vulnerable to impact stresses  .   
 Its blond tints were as fresh and enduring as enamel  ,  -- and quite as  HARD   .    
 Generally  ,   a novice sandblaster can remove the old paint  ,   but not without cutting into soft grain while leaving  HARD  grain virtually untouched  .    
 The handset he had been holding clattered against something  HARD  ;  it had been dropped or yanked loose  .     
The intimal surface of the aorta was covered with confluent ,  yellow-brown ,   HARD  ,  friable plaques along its entire course ,  and there was a marked narrowing of the orifices of the large major visceral arteries .    
 On his own garage door he found that the opener reversed when it struck the  HARD  block but crushed a cardboard box -- a material that one assumes more closely represents people  .   
 But I find that  ,   when sitting with my spinal column bent at a 45-degree angle and my knees ramming into a  HARD   ,   knotty slab of oak  ,   my attention span tends to shorten considerably  .    
 `` I felt nothing but my head and shoulder blades pressing on the  HARD  slab beneath my back  .    
 Like a chocolate Easter bunny  ,   rotationally molded plastic products have a  HARD  skin but are hollow inside  .    
 EASTER EGGS TO GO : People who don ' t have time to dye their own can now buy  hard  boiled  and pre-colored Rainbow Eggs  .   
 Wednesday :  Day 4 ;  In the morning there were ice patches on the stream  ,   and the ground was frozen  HARD  as we started our eight-mile hike to Kibo Hut  .     
 Last winter  ' s  HARD  frost caused some of the new growth tips to go limp  ,   but they quickly recovered  .    
 Most  HARD  cheeses are higher in saturated fats than meat  .    
 I have performed a number of operations on these types of ears  ,   and I can assure you that this is extremely  HARD  bone  .   
 Said Trevor Wilson  ,   who pitched the Giants  '  first eight innings :  `` Mitch is  HARD  as a rock  ,   so I don ' t think it bothered him any .   '  '  
 Age 1 to 3 :  2 to 3 servings daily ;  One serving would be 1/2 to 3/4 cup milk ( For children under 2 years of age  ,   serve only whole milk  ,   not low-fat or skim milk )   ,   1/2 to 3/4 cup yogurt  ,   1 ounce  HARD  cheese  ,   or 1/4 cup cottage cheese  ,   pudding  ,   ice milk or ice cream  .    
 The interior is overly chintzy  ,   with  HARD  and uncomfortable seats and fabric that feels cheap  .    
 I liked the low-fat ( no shortening but with nuts or chocolate )  better than the no-fat  ,   which I found dry and  HARD   .   
The instrument is shown in Fig .  1 and consists essentially of a  HARD  ,  sharp ,  tungsten carbide knife which is pushed along the substrate to remove the coating .    
 His game is made for  HARD  courts  ,   but the courts here are fast  ,   and there are no bad bounces  .    
 Bumpers sought the moratorium because his proposal to impose a 5 percent royalty on gold  ,   silver and other  HARD  rock  minerals mined on federal lands has been stalled for years in the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee  ,   which is dominated by Westerners  .   
 But both chains aggressively promote the latest mass-market  hard  cover  best sellers  ,  putting them in the front of each store or along the main thoroughfare  ,  the `` power aisle  .   '  '   
 However  ,  as the fifth house in that row is the House of Scientists  ,  the occupants of which were not amenable to eviction no matter how worthy the cause  ,  Boris Piotrovsky soon found himself between a rock and a  hard  place  .   
 The skin is covered with  HARD   ,   bubblelike scales  ,   and Mattson is laboriously constructing the boots one stitch at a time  ,   slipping the needle of his sewing machine carefully between the scales  .   
 Some say the implants make their breasts  HARD  and sore  .   
 In field hockey  ,   in which girls chase a solid  ,    HARD  plastic  ball with wooden sticks  ,   the shin pads used meet national standards and are required to be worn at all times  .    
 As they mature into adulthood  ,   the grasshoppers develop a rock- HARD  exoskeleton and the ability to fly the length of a football field  .    
 Now an Atlanta businessman  ,  Mr .  Scherer severed all ties with the company in 1979 in a dispute with some board members  ,  including Mr .  Fink  ,  on how to run the maker of  hard - and soft-shell capsules used to hold drugs  ,  vitamins and bath oil  .   
 The rain  ,  along with the plentiful Ogallala aquifer that is pumped for irrigation in this part of Nebraska  ,  has left the fields of alfalfa  ,  corn and  hard  red winter wheat in good shape  .   
 The Soviet Union will supply 1 . 5 million cubic meters of timber a year  ,  mostly  hard  pine  ,  and China will provide coal  ,  salt  ,  electricity  ,  oil and other materials  ,  the news service said  .   
 On a  HARD  surface or wood  ,   the clacking of these heels is inappropriate in public places  .    
 Life Savers Holes  ,   a pellet version of the  HARD  candies  ,   are being withdrawn from stores nationwide after four teen-agers swallowed or gagged on the packages  '  plastic tops  ,   company officials said  .   
 Mr .  Ohmae  ' s latest book  ,  `` Beyond National Borders : Reflections on Japan and the World  '  '  -LRB- Dow Jones-Irwin  ,  128 pages  ,  $16 . 95 -RRB-  ,  ably translated into English by the author and some McKinsey colleagues  ,  sold more than 300  , 000  hard  cover copies in Japan  .   
 My breath  ,  and the very ground becomes as  HARD  as flint  .    
 Note :  Cinnamon red hots are small red candies slightly  HARDER  than jelly beans  ,   available in the baking section of supermarkets  .     
 ( box )  Sun Hong Kong Restaurant  ,   91 Shattuck Square ( i . e .   ,   Shattuck Avenue at Addison )   ,   Berkeley  ,   ( 510 )  841-2288  ,   is a bright  ,    HARD  surfaced   ,   contemporary Chinese cafe that fills its two small floors of tables until 2 a . m .  by selling a long and interesting menu supplemented by a separate menu of soups  ,   noodle dishes and rice plates at extremely low prices  .     
 Now their view is one of misery --  HARD  earth blanketed with discarded water bottles and human waste  ,   weary children in tattered clothes lining up for rations  .   
 Sometimes tapping the pot on a  HARD  surface will loose the cramped plant  ,   but you may have to use a screwdriver to pry it out  .   
 The priest bearing the holy relic -- the referee carrying the puck  ,   a rock- HARD  piece of black rubber -- drops it in the face-off at center ice  ,   and the contest begins  .    
 So  HARD  covers  still have one advantage  ,   after all  .   
 in common with many locks of early date  ,  no  HARD  floor was provided between the mass concrete lock walls  ,  although timber baulks of substantial section were set in the earth floor to act as struts between the bases of the walls  .     
 YOU ' RE trapped between a net and a pack of large men  ,   who are wielding wooden sticks and whacking  HARD  little projectiles at your head at 120 mph  .    
 One of the most important is to provide a relatively  HARD   ,   stable surface on which to place the dining table and chairs ;  the other is to make it possible to cook the meal close at hand  .   
 Ages 4 and 5 :  2 to 3 servings daily ;  One serving would be 3/4 cup milk  ,   3/4 cup yogurt  ,   1 1/2 ounces  HARD  cheese  ,   or 1/2 cup cottage cheese  ,   pudding  ,   ice milk or ice cream  .   
 K mart said that its  hard  goods business showed improvement during January with the biggest gains in small appliances  ,  home electronics  ,  sporting goods and automotive products  .   
Japan ,  she said ,  smelled pugh because people let dead fish lie on the beaches till the fish got  HARD  as rocks; then they scraped off the mold and made fish soup .    
The flat ,   HARD  cap was small ,  but he thrust it to the back of his head .    
 I don ' t believe you could argue with the basic message of either book :  that somehow the  HARD  face of American capitalism needs to be softened  ,   feminized if you will  .   
 If you need a color not available on prefinished pegboard  ,   paint smooth  ,   unfinished pegboard with a urethane enamel for a  HARD  finish  .     
 To his dismay  ,  he soon discovered that the pastries were as  hard  as rocks  .   
 Rows of metal grave markers and green spikes that serve as temporary markers sit in a 200-acre field of orange dirt as  HARD  as baked adobe  .   
 Best of all is `` Whitman :  A Song For Occupations  ,   "  which juxtaposes loops of soft cloth tape stenciled with words such as `` house-building  '  '  and `` glass-blowing  '  '  spilling from a  HARD  edge  steel wall mounting  .   
 In the offer announced April 30  ,  the department assured the Soviets they would n ' t have to pay more than $80 a ton for bread-quality  hard  red wheat  .   
 Why corn pops ;  The pressure of that expanding steam builds up because popcorn  ,   unlike sweet corn  ,   has another layer of starch  ,   this a  HARD  layer that keeps the steam inside the kernel until it can resist the pressure no more .  POW  !    
 `` It was autumn then and the ground was getting  HARD  because the nights were cold and leaves from the maples around the stadium blew across the practice fields in gusts of wind and the girls were beginning to put polo coats over their sweaters  .    
 The first  hard  cover  printing is a healthy 150  , 000 copies  ,  and even an abbreviated cassette version will be available  .   
The blow encountered silky hair and  HARD  bone .    
 `` as a matter of fact a good  HARD  frost seems to clear the old tubes  .  
 With a  hard  bristle brush  ,  he presses the Dutch metal onto the railing ornament  ,  carefully working it into each groove of its acanthusleaf pattern  .   
 The May 1990 issue of Consumer Reports  ,   in an article rating bicycle helmets  ,   took a generally negative view on  HARD  shell  helmets but the Bicycle Helmet Safety Institute says it believes `` the impact ratings are not based on current helmet standards  .    
 To tell the truth  ,   I thought marble was much  HARDER  .   '  '    
 The shelf of  HARD  lava  ,   resting on a pile of loose rock  ,   could snap off and dump them in the ocean  .    
Too light a feed ,  particularly with metal or other  HARD  material ,  causes overheating of the tool and burning of the cutting edge .    
 ( Or put a drop into a glass of cold water periodically until it instantly turns into a  HARD  ball .  )  
  ' We  ' ve gone from being between a rock and a  HARD  place to being between a dog and a hydrant .    '  ;  CLARK REDEKER  ,   Alameda County Water District board member  ,   on the water crisis  .   
 In his first extended interview with reporters since taking over the party chairmanship  ,   Yeutter displayed little of the  HARD  edge that characterized Atwater  ' s brand of politics  .   
 Both transactions are installments in a sale of four million metric tons of bread-quality  hard  red winter wheat that the Soviets agreed to buy recently after promises of heavy subsidies under the Reagan administration  ' s export-enhancement program  .   
 It should feel heavy and not too  HARD  ;  its skin should be thick and without any discolored patches ;  it should smell nice but not too strongly  .    
 they may be inaccurate  ,  the steel may be soft -LRB-  or possibly too  HARD   -RRB- so that the edge either crumbles or is brittle  ,  or they may not be robust enough for the work they have to do  .     
 After the first time  ,   in 1967  ,   her breasts turned  HARD  within months  .    
 Because of this ambiguity  ,  `` the plaintiffs are in the proverbial position of being between a rock and a  hard  place  ,   '  '  Judge McDonald said  .   
 Condominiums had been charged a higher rate than single-family homes because they usually have more  HARD  surfaces and thus produce more runoff  .    
 Latex expands and contracts more ( than oil )  and you can run into cracking and alligatoring of the top coat  ,   when you put a  HARD  coat ( oil )  over a soft coat ( latex )   .    
 together they had sat throwing  HARD   ,  round pebbles into the dark waters  ,  and there was a moon that was not a full moon but was nevertheless the finest moon that Joe Joe had seen up until then  .     
 The San Jacinto players  ,  mostly from the East Coast  ,  can ' t help feeling like exiles in this  hard  baked patch of suburban Houston  .   
 Wine/food matches ;  REDS ;  ( box )  Chianti :  grilled or roasted beef or veal  ,   pasta with vegetables  ,   light meats or poultry  ,    HARD  cheeses  .    
 In a six-block radius  ,   there are lesbian bars with chrome-plated Harley-Davidson motorcycles parked outside  ,   taco stands alongside Szechwan restaurants  ,   Mexican voodoo parlors filled with ceramic figurines of the devil and bars where cappuccino-sipping beatniks share tables with  hard  hat  construction workers  .   
Allow all pieces to become leather  HARD  before constructing shaker .    
 The FDA deferred action on the company  ' s request for approval of the sweetener  ,  which has the trade name Sunette in the U . S .   ,  as an ingredient in confections including  hard  and soft candy  .   
 The process produces a  hard  crystalline mass  ,  silicon carbide  ,  which features very strong molecular bonds and a close-knit structure  ,  much like a diamond  .   
 Two months have passed  ,  the first broods of robins and cardinals have fledged  ,  and the mound of authentic  ,  old-fashioned nesting material remains directly on the ground between a rock and a  hard  place  ,  getting more unsterile by the day  .   
 Most all-purpose flours contain a blend of  HARD  and soft wheats  .   
 `` When you travel in your own private yacht  ,   you can afford to have  HARD  sided  luggage because you don ' t have to pick it off a conveyer belt  ,   and it  ' s handled by your staff .   '  '    
 Although it  ' s extremely  HARD  and durable  ,   there is n ' t much thickness for sanding  .     
 Vernal pools occur only in the springtime and are usually found on  HARD   ,   claypan surfaces  ,   so the water is pooled during the spring runoff  .   
 `` It  ' s very difficult to sell women  ' s apparel in a store whose reputation is  hard  goods  ,   '  '  said Monroe Greenstein  ,  an analyst at Bear  ,  Stearns & Co  .   
Occasionally if I pushed him too far he ' d give me a look out of narrowed eyes and the  HARD  cruel bony skull would show through that smooth face of his .    
 Its winding streets and battered storefronts appear more real than the real thing ;  if you doubt it  ,   just watch visitors try to tiptoe across what they think is a sloshy  ,   muddy main drag  ,   actually just a  HARD  surface sculpted to look like mud  .   
 Ms .  McGlade says that ``  hard  goods sales should continue to hold up better than apparel  ,   '  '  thanks partly to the strength in new-home sales and related furnishing purchases  .   
Since Mr .  Clark believes firmly that the chewing of  HARD  foods helps develop healthy gums and teeth ,  raw vegetables and raw whole-wheat grains are handed out with fresh fruit and whole-wheat cookies at snack time in the afternoons .    
 ( box )  Harvest squash  ,   pumpkins and decorative gourds when the vines are dry and the rinds  HARD   .    
 Surface key :  frm pkd &equals ;  firm packed  ,   ;  hrd pkd &equals ;   HARD  packed  ,   mch grm &equals ;  machine groomed  ,   ;  pkd pwdr &equals ;  packed powder  ,   pwdr &equals ;  powder  .   
 Some are popping buttons out of  hard  plastic sheets with punching machines that look as if they date from the Industrial Revolution  .   
 Here are a few suggestions :  ;  ( check )  Do n ' t install equipment over  HARD  surfaces such as asphalt or concrete  .   
 Third class is sitting on  HARD  wooden benches ;  many passengers bring hammocks to hang willy-nilly across the heads of fellow travelers  ,   who do not seem terribly put out by the inconvenience  .    
 `` The campaign just does n ' t move us  ,   '  '  says Mildred Wortham  ,  a 34-year-old mother of two who lives in the  hard  scrabble  Rockwell Gardens housing project  ,  where one young mother recently died of a cocaine overdose and a 13-year-old girl was stabbed and tossed from a seventh-floor window  .   
 The rear seat was thin and  HARD   ,   like a park bench  .    
Generally ,  the larger the tool and the  HARDER  the material ,  the slower the speed .    
 Scherer  ,  which makes  hard  shell  and soft-shell gelatin capsules used to hold drugs  ,  vitamins and bath oil  ,  earned $15 . 1 million  ,  or $1 . 38 a share  ,  in the year ended March 31  ,  including a $3 . 7 million credit from tax-loss carry-forwards  .   
 Forecasts that Hurricane Gilbert will bring rains to the  hard  red winter wheat planting areas of Texas  ,  Oklahoma  ,  Colorado  ,  Nebraska and Kansas sparked selling in wheat  .   
 Rent-a-car company founder Warren Avis found that out when he was promoting the  hard  cover  edition of his guide to entrepreneurship  ,  `` Take a Chance to Be First  .   '  '   
 Instead of suntans and souvenirs  ,   the Indians brought back pieces of  HARD  rocks called Monterey- banded chert  ,   which they made into stone knives and spear tips  .    
 At the academy  ,   professors still proudly show their Communist Party cards  ,   at a time in Soviet history when the  HARD  red leather-bound documents are being burned by demonstrators  .   
 Lenses sold for long-term wear come in a  hard  platic  case or glass vials that last the entire life of the lens  .   
 De-thatch and aerate  HARD  packed  turf areas and apply a fertilizer to carry the lawn through winter  .   
 There are the roses  ,   unexpected dots of color on a neutral ground ;  and a playful mural softens the  HARD  line of the central corridor in the main wing  .   
 She also said their  HARD  shoes and the squeaky pram wheels annoyed her  .   
 In fine  ,  dry weather this mode of travel was not unpleasant  ,  when compared with the heavy vehicles of Europe and the  HARD  English turnpikes ; but when spring rains drew the frost from the ground the roads became nearly impassable  ,  and in winter  ,  when the rivers froze  ,  a serious peril was added  ,  for the Susquehanna or the North River at Paulus Hook must be crossed in an open boat  ,  -- an affair of hours at best  ,  sometimes leading to fatal accidents  .    
 When the heat returns  ,   the sand is baked into a  HARD  crust capable of supporting tanks  ,   complicating any U . S .  attack  .   
 Yet when you come upon the stunning `` Eclat  ,   "  with its  HARD  chrome surface pleated into delicate bows that stretch alluringly across the wall  ,   you understand her particular eye for beauty  .    
 Last week  ' s rail journey of a retired Southern Pacific steam locomotive from South San Francisco down the Peninsula on its way to Sacramento  ,   reminded me  ,   fondly I want you to know  ,   of trips to The City on ugly  ,   soot-stained cars with  HARD  seats and drinking `` fountains  '  '  filled with warm water  .   
 The terrain they will have to plod through is mostly flat desert  ,   with both loose and  hard  packed sand  ,   but it rises into the Mutla ridge just north of Kuwait City  ,   where any climactic tank battle would probably be waged  .   
 GRAINS AND SOYBEANS : Wheat-futures prices jumped on rumors that the Soviet Union plans to buy 300  , 000 tons of U . S .   hard  red winter wheat at $99 a ton  ,  the highest price it has paid in two years  ,  said Daniel Basse  ,  a grain analyst at GNP Commodities Inc .   ,  Chicago  .   
 You  ' re in a real rock and a  HARD  place  ,   "  La Russa said  .   
 The designers tried several approaches using the  hard  shell  mammal as an emblem including an early one sans sunglasses but with four cowboy boots  .   
 `` She had this  HARD  edge to her  ,   and I did n ' t like her that way .   '  '   
 But  HARD  sided  luggage  ,   he says  ,   is the elegant type that people carried in the 1920s and 1930s  .     
 Once your tummy is  HARD  enough  ,   they  ' ll stop the faucet and push on your tummy so you  ' ll throw up all the water .   '  '    
 Enter the cable-supported fabric dome  ,  which with insulation costs an average $13 million -- still about a third less than  hard  shells  .   
Something  HARD  grazed his knuckles .    
 He added that the injection system also needs to be redesigned  ,  using  harder  tungsten carbide materials  .   
 The Dogloo is made of two sheets of  HARD  plastic with nitrogen bubbles in between for insulation  .   
 The chickens  ,   frozen  HARD  as stones  ,   smacked many refugees on the head  .   
 in a heated house  ,  however  ,  more water is advisable  ,  as if the plants are kept too dry  ,  they tend to become so  HARD  that the stems are slow to `` break  '  '  in spring  .     
 Scherer still makes  hard  shell capsules overseas  .   
 `` You put a  hard  wax on the base of a fiberglass board for speed  ,   "  Heitmann explains as we walk across East Cliff Drive toward the stairs that lead to the ocean  .   
 It  ' s flat-soled  ,   low-heeled and has a little more comfortable fit -- like a tennis shoe with a  HARD  sole  ,   "  says Joe Figueroa  ,   vice president of sales and marketing for the Fort Worth-based company  ,   which provided all the boots in the movie  .   
 The  HARD  freeze last December gave the peonies extra fine blooms this year  .    
 Common practice now is to cultivate rot-resistant tomatoes  ,  harvest them while they are still green and  hard   ,  and gas them to make them look red  .   
 Formosan termites have  HARDER  mandibles  ,   the better for tearing off chunks of soft metal  ,   and their colonies run to the tens of millions  ,   compared with the subterraneans who are content to stay in the hundreds of thousands  .   
 All three varieties have what I call a good crunch factor -- crunchy enough to hold up under dunking  ,   but not so  HARD  that you feel as if you were high tackled by Ronnie Lott  .   
 `` He was n ' t big by today  ' s standards -- he was 5-11 and 185 pounds -- but he was rock  HARD   .    
 ( box ) As the resin beads remove the minerals  ,   they slowly get saturated with ``  HARD   '  '  material  .   
 `` It  ' s not like people did n ' t know that rubber gets  HARD  at low temperatures  .    
 On the flip side  ,   too much light or too much fertilizer can make a plant too compact with tight  ,    HARD  and brittle centers  .   
 `` We  ' ve gone from being between a rock and a  HARD  place to being between a dog and a hydrant  ,   "  board member Clark Redeker said  .   
 Q My new 1990 Nissan  HARD  body pickup throws out heavy  ,   black smoke in the cool mornings  .   
 Good looks  ,    HARD  body  ,   clothes  ,   money  ,   cars  ,   possessions  ,   etc .   ,   don ' t even make the list .   '  '   
The cavernous depth ,  cluttered with antiques ,  echoed to her  HARD  heels as she walked directly to the office in the rear and took the seat at his desk .    
 The handle is a thick combination of smooth curves and  HARD  lines  .   
 I  ' ll return to school as long as it  ' s not a crowded campus  ,   I don ' t need a parking permit  ,   have to sit in a crowded classroom in a chair made from recycled  hard  plastic  ,   watch television  ,   read a text  ,   or be required to do homework  .   
 If only the big cheese had strolled through the airport as I was bedding down on a  HARD  plastic chair for half a night  ,   I could have told him a thing or two about `` friends  ,   "  old and new  .   
 He had a moustache of sweat  ,   a  HARD   ,   factory mouth  ,   and blue  ,   unwilling eyes  .   
 `` You can serve it as an appetizer  ,   entree  ,   vegetable and dessert  ,   use it when it  ' s  HARD  and green  ,   soft and ripe  ,   and at every stage in between .   '  '   
 Now in its 10th printing  ,  the book has sold 155  , 000 copies in  hard  cover since April and has been among the 10 best-selling books in the country since June  ,  astounding both Mr .  Hirsch and his publisher  ,  Houghton Mifflin Co  .   
 `` We  ' re caught between a rock and a  hard  place where investors are concerned  ,  trying to figure out what this trade number means  ,   '  '  Mr .  Greenwald said  .   
 Marble cherubs  ,   for example  ,   and carved marble fireplaces had been attacked with  HARD  blunt objects  .   
 Hoyas would be the plural meaning  ,   ``  HARD  as rocks .   '  '   
 Despite all the efforts to sell `` Charm School  ,   '  '  Mr .  Hoffman concedes that so far Waldenbooks  '   hard  cover  sales of the book have totaled only 9  , 000 .  -LRB- Warner wo n ' t disclose overall sales but says it printed just under 100  , 000 hard cover  copies and plans 1 . 2 million in paperback .  -RRB-  
 Older models  ,   made out of a  HARD   ,   stiff rubber  ,   provided no spring and forced the amputee to pull his artificial leg through each step with his hip  .   
 Athletes learn suddenly  ,   with one hamstring  ,   one Achilles tendon  ,   what the rest of us learn more slowly :  that the body betrays  ,   and that our skulls are  HARD  because they protect the only part that really means anything  .   
These oils develop  HARD  ,  smooth films when they dry and form resinlike substances .    
 When buying radishes  ,   look for firm  ,    HARD  fleshed  and unblemished ones  .     
 In 1986  ,  Bantam spent $250  , 000 for `` Showdown  ,   '  '  the highest price paid for North American  hard  cover  rights to a foreign novelist at the time  .   
 Beans are tossed about in a motion much like that of a clothes dryer and coated with sugar and coloring until their  HARD   ,   shiny shells develop  .   
 We feel caught between a rock and a  HARD  place  .    
The importance of a  HARD  ,  abrasion resistant knife material like the Carboloy employed in the Hesiometer immediately becomes apparent .    
 Paint  ,    HARD  :  Brush with hot vinegar  .   
 `` Oh  ,   I remember the   ' strawberries  '  from sliding on  HARD  clay with no pads  .   
 `` Prior Convictions  '  '  finds Jansson  ,   once a red-diaper baby  ,   now a disaffected lawyer  ,   caught between a rock and a  HARD  place  .   
(1) When an object was placed in the patient ' s hand ,  he had no difficulty determining whether it was warm or cold ,  sharp or blunt ,  rough or smooth ,  flexible ,  soft ,  or  HARD ; and he could tell ,  simply by the feel of it ,  whether it was made of wood ,  iron ,  cloth ,  rubber ,  and so on .    
 `` For dessert  ,   you cannot improve on  HARD  cookies on which to sharpen your teeth or to dunk in any lingering wine  .   
 The fences are a lot  HARDER  in Oakland than there were in Portland  ,   Ore  .    
 North Carolina has been a leader in the policy of retreat  ,   believing it is better to let beaches move naturally than to fight the ocean with sea walls  ,   jetties and other  HARD  structures  .   
 Unlike relatively soft canvas or polyester wallpaper linings  ,   veneer wall coverings are relatively  HARD  when applied with adhesive ;  a finger will not leave a depression  .   
 But then  ,   when she first sat down  ,   I did n ' t noticed the paper bag she carried -- the bag filled with individually wrapped  HARD  candies  ,   into which she steadily dipped her hand  .   
 she would not lie relaxed and peaceful  ,  as though she were resting  ,  but iron  HARD   ,  as though she were still fighting  .    
 Scar tissue has made his right hand brick- hard   .   
 the basic rule is this : the  HARDER  the material and the larger the drill diameter  ,  the slower should the speed be  .    				 
And a good several feet around the pool should be neither greensward nor woods ,  but good  HARD  pavement .    
 To speed the cooling process  ,   you can put the ganache in the freezer  ,   but you must check it to make sure it does n ' t become too  HARD  to scoop out with a teaspoon  .   
 The biggest cuts were made in the AT&T PC 6300 Plus line ; the price of an entry model with a single floppy disk drive fell 38 % to $1  , 590  ,  and the price of the top-of-the-line model with a ``  hard   '  '  disk storing the equivalent of 20  , 000 pages of data was cut 29 % to $3  , 065  .   
 With its attention to culture and history  ,  its concern for the state  ' s fragile coastal environment  ,  and its visual layering of line-art  ,  photographs and maps  ,  the `` Guide  '  '  -LRB- edited by Madge Caughman and Joanne S .  Ginsberg  ,  University of California Press  ,  $29 . 95  hard  cover   ,  $14 . 95 paperback -RRB- emerges as a fully realized work -- one that may be fundamentally impossible to improve upon  .   
 For a  HARD  kernel of uncertainty chafes beneath our well-being  ,   Mr .  President  .   
 In North America  ,   the tortilla is often fried  HARD   .   
 Onion bulbs can ' t grow and expand in  HARD   ,   adobe soil  .    
 The drought has hit durum wheat  hard  and other spring wheat even harder  .   
 1 ounce  HARD  cheese  ,   sliced ( Cheddar  ,   Swiss or fontina )  ;  1 slice whole wheat bread  ,   toasted ;  1 tablespoon salsa ;  Place cheese on top of toasted bread on microwave-proof plate  .    
 The combination was supposed to make First RepublicBank Texas  ' s dominant financial institution ; instead  ,  its $24 . 1 billion loan portfolio has withered in the state  ' s  hard  scrabble  economy  .   
Put cut pieces on plaster board to dry to firm leather- HARD  state .    
 While Roper declined to comment further on its change of heart  ,  Mr .  Sankey said that `` the board was caught between a rock and a  hard  place  .   '  '   
The seeds of  HARD  ,  fibrous ,  stony fruits ,  called nuts ,  provide highly concentrated foods ,  oils ,  and other materials of value .    
 The list includes ANYTHING by Jacqueline Susann  ,  plus all diet books  ,  `` Garfield  '  '  books  ,  completed crossword puzzle books  ,  any paperback unless it  ' s unavailable in  hard  cover  ,  and selfhelp books  .   
 Surface key :  frm pkd &equals ;  firm packed  ,   hrd pkd &equals ;   HARD  packed  ,   ;  mch grm &equals ;  machine groomed  ,   pkd pwdr &equals ;  packed powder  ,   ;  pwdr &equals ;  powder  .   
 The unlucky man in the middle sailed into a side wall  ,  while the ball ricocheted off the  hard  plastic dividers protecting the wide-eyed spectators from such craziness  .   
 Enter  ,   if you please  ,   35 comfy little cabins in the woods -- specifically 35 little tent cabins in the Huckleberry Campground area of the Big Basin Redwoods State Park  ,   just a rock and a  HARD  place north of Boulder Creek off Highway 9  .   
 Look for good quality imported olives  ,   prosciutto and other sliced meats  ,   Italian  HARD  and soft cheeses  ,   prepared salads plus focaccia and other breads  .   
 Here are some tips to help you enjoy garlic :  ;  ( check )  BUYING -- Cloves should be big  ,   plump and  HARD   .   
 ( Most  HARD  sided  coolers  ,   unless they are vacuum bottles  ,   specify that they are not to be used for hot foods .  )  
 It  ' s a bold gamble in the  hard  scrabble  economy of Texas  ,  but the FDIC also granted the North Carolina company substantial protection against further Texas loan losses  .   
 THE BISCOTTI from my youth were lemon yellow  ,   tasted mostly of anise and were as  HARD  as a rock  .   
 The field is too far away  ,   too many seats are  HARD  wooden planks  ,   and that `` wacky  ,   hilarious  '  '  Stanford band has become unhip and boring  .    
 When the second coat begins to set ( gets  HARD  )   ,   trowel it with a wood float  ,   working in a circular motion  .    
 Surface key :  frm pkd &equals ;  firm packed  ,   hrd pkd &equals ;   hard  packed  ,   mch grm &equals ;  machine groomed  ,   pkd pwdr &equals ;  packed powder  ,   pwdr &equals ;  powder  .   
 `` I  ' d always had a  HARD  edge to me  ,   which was intensified by the years I spent in Vietnam  ,   "  he said  .    
 I almost never buy new  hard  cover books because I can ' t afford them  .   
 There  ' s magic -- foods that get soft when cooked ( carrots and potatoes )   ,   foods that get  HARD  when cooked ( eggs and cookie dough )   ,   foods that metamorphose ( cream into butter  ,   egg whites into meringue )   ,   foods that shape-shift ( popcorn  ,   hominy  ,   tortillas and polenta )   .   
 one admires the inventive interplay of  HARD   ,  tusky forms and vulnerable belly without being in the least moved by the torture  .     
 After sharing a Deep Fried Combo appetizer ( $7 . 95 )   ,   whose fish and shellfish were thickly breaded  ,   fried  HARD  and almost indistinguishable  ,   we were pleasantly surprised to find that `` sauteed scallops  '  '  meant a large portion in a hot oval baking dish  ,   floating in a sauce of butter  ,   garlic  ,   white wine and lemon  ,   garnished with parsley and grilled green onions and served with mushrooms over rice  ,   and that `` baked swordfish  '  '  did not mean dried-out  .    
Paperweight may be personalized on back while clay is leather  HARD  .    
 Its bestknown author is Erma Bombeck  ,  whose books have sold more than 10 million copies in  hard  cover  and paperback  .   
 ( box )  The Peppermill  ,   2909 Lakeside  ,   Santa Clara  ,   ( 408 )  988-3282 and 10690 N .  De Anza Blvd .   ,   Cupertino  ,   ( 408 )  996-7750  ,   looks like a  ' 50s vision of the future :  mirrored ceiling  ,   black and chrome  ,   neon strip lighting  ,    HARD  surfaces  .    
 On the left were pro-labor forces allied with the developers  ,   including several  HARD  hatted  construction workers  .   
 ( check )  No .  4 Arantxa Sanchez Vicario showed signs of hope in winning her first title of the year Saturday in Washington  ,   but before that  ,   she  ' d never won a  HARD  court  tournament  .    
 The ice-cream fork would seem to contradict Miss Manners  '  assertion that ice cream should be eaten with a spoon  ,   but -- fooled you  !   -- it actually is a spoon  ,   with a very rounded bowl  ,   only with fork-like tines at the end for subduing brick  hard  ice cream  .   
 Scientists have known for years that larger bodies  ,   such as the moon  ,   have a soil-like surface  ,   but objects as small as Gaspra were thought to have rock- HARD  surfaces  .     
 Surface key :  frm pkd &equals ;  firm packed  ,   hrd pkd &equals ;   HARD  packed  ,   mch grm &equals ;  machine groomed  ,   pkd pwdr &equals ;  packed powder  ,   pwdr &equals ;  powder  .    
 They cost an average $9 million -LRB- about half as much as  hard  domes -RRB- and let some sunlight in -- as much as 30 % with newer fabrics  .   
They possessed no outer fortifications ,  no  HARD  shells of confidence; they had enough difficulty getting from day to day ,  let alone having an awful crime thrust upon them .    
It is used for making buttons and other small ,   HARD  objects of turnery .    
 the Jisr Hajar of Faraya is an elliptical arch of  HARD  stone  ,  slightly oblique but with regular abutments  .     
 The San Jose Museum of Art will showcase post-minimalist Lynda Benglis  ,   who made a name for herself 20 years ago with supple sculpture-painting hybrids -- metallized `` sparkle  '  '  knots  ,   covered in gold leaf  ,   which defied the minimalist mandate that sculpture had to be  HARD   ,   geometric and rigid  .    
 Pity the poor  HARD  covers   .    
 Some of Canada  ' s wheat customers rely for milling on Canada  ' s high-grade  ,  high-protein  ,   hard  red spring wheat  .   
 Since the former White House chief of staff published his memoirs Monday in Time magazine and in  hard  cover  ,  astrologers have been exceedingly difficult to tune out  ,  turn off or disregard  .   
 ( box )  As the resin beads remove the minerals  ,   they slowly get saturated with ``  HARD   '  '  material  .   
 ( hbox )  ;  Some matzo balls are  HARD   ,   some fall apart  ,   but Marcie  ' s mom  ,   Aileen Gugenheim  ,   guarantees this recipe  ,   which has been handed down from generation to generation  .   
 ( box )  Wait to cut asparagus ferns until they  ' ve turned completely brown  ,   usually after the first  HARD  frost  .    
 The remainder would be so-called  hard  goods  ,  which include stereos  ,  television sets and electronic equipment  .   
 Remember  ,   this is a curvy road with few  HARD  shoulders  .   
 The hulking  ,  bald Foreman whom the folks saw fight Qawi is a different fella from the  hard  muscled  young champ whose place in history rests largely on two fights  ,  one that he won and one he lost  .   
 We students are learning how to take notes while standing or sitting on  HARD   ,   cold tile  .    
 The futon is good for you  ,   I insist  ,   because it  ' s good for the back when the bed is  HARD  and firm  .   
 A love whose flesh has been boiled off  ,   a clean  ,   cold  ,    HARD   ,   white  ,   bone-like love .   '  '  
 ( box )  The shell should be  HARD  when pinched  .   
 Nor was it enough for slum-dwellers in Huaycan  ,   outside Lima  ,   where treatment is free  ,   but patients must recline on  HARD  benches or dirty sheets and bring along their own toilet paper  .   
Blood blisters could be prevented from forming by rubbing a work blister immediately with any  HARD  nonpoisonous substance .    
We did 80 miles an hour across a  HARD  dirt road to a cluster of shacks .    
 The  HARD  shells of nuts might make you think they are a good stable foodstuff  ,   but the high fat content of the meat makes them susceptible to rancidity  .    
 Should there be a law prohibiting  HARD  flooring  ?    
 The spray kills germs and viruses on  HARD  surfaces  ,   such as toilet seats  ,   wash basins  ,   door handles and telephones  ,   its manufacturer says  .   
 Decks ;  A new  ,   comprehensive book on deck building is `` Decks  ,   "  by Tim Snyder ( $26 . 95  HARD  cover  ,   Rodale Press )   .    
 But Latin Americans and West Indians use bananas when  HARD  and green  ,   when squishily soft and brown  ,   and at every stage between  .    
 Like amoebas  ,   plasmodia can enter  HARD   ,   resistant resting states  ,   called sclerotia  ,   when conditions are bad  .    
 Courier looks as comfortable on the  HARD  courts at the National Tennis Center as he did on the clay at Roland Garros  .     
 Readers not only smell the linseed oil  ,    HARD  soap and tallow candles of the priory but quickly are caught up in the layers of friendships and animosities that exist among the young novices  ,   forbidden `` particular affections  '  '  with their sisters  .    
 Its current centerpiece is the Star Electric Vibrator  ,   a black-and-chrome device about the size and shape of a medieval mace that comes complete with carrying case  ,   a variety of  HARD  rubber  massage heads and an instruction manual  .   
 excavation of the floor of the lock followed up the completed  HARD  core drain in 15 ft sections  ,  the trench sheeting being removed and a 2 ft thick mass concrete slab of 7 . 4 : 1 total aggregate cement ratio being emplaced to within 3 ft of each wall  .     
 York also believes that double-walled  ,    HARD  sided  coolers like Little Igloos  ,   Thermos brands and such are a good bet because the two walls are an efficient way to use air  ' s excellent insulation properties  .   
 The palm was rough with  HARD  callouses  ,   but it rested ever so lightly on my eyes  .    
 The unsettled debt market and proposed Federal Reserve Board rules on capital have put banks between a rock and  hard  place  .   
 Kris Bowers  ,   the advertising director for Oakley  ,   a company that makes the wraparound sunglasses  ,   said Oakleys offer 100 percent UV protection and that they are made with polycarbonic lenses  ,   a  HARD   ,   plastic-like material  .    
 The controlled energy is marked  ,   and also the use of what Yeats demanded -- `` the intellectually surprising word which is also the correct word  '  '  :  `` warm fume  ,   "  `` a  HARD   ,   factory mouth  ,   "  `` big-potato-bummed man .   '  '  
 When the surface is sand or gravel  ,   the gold will settle through it over time until it comes to some barrier that stops its movement  ,   such as  HARD  clay  .    
 Oak  ,   one of the  HARDEST  trees in California  ,   is valued for its long burn in the hearth  .    
 And he acknowledges the company  ' s inability to refinance its $1 . 4 billion debt from that deal `` put us between a rock and a  hard  place  .   '  '   
 In the Bay Area  ,   the soil is mostly  HARD  clay  ,   and the best way to loosen up this compacted soil is to dig in huge amounts of compost  ,   redwood soil conditioner or other organic soil amendments  .   
 `` They  ' re very  HARD  but can have a lot of cracks and fractures  ,   and sometimes pieces will break off .   '  '    
 Robert Joedicke  ,  an analyst for Shearson Lehman Brothers Inc .   ,  called the Chemical Bank agreement `` an important achievement  '  '  for the pilots that `` puts the company  ' s board of directors between a rock and a  hard  place  .   '  '   
 Jio said  ,   looking at the men dressed in orange vests and white  HARD  hats   ,   `` It kind of makes you sad when you see that thing  .   .   .  but  ,   progress  .    
 By 1990  ,   his self-published pamphlets on the masculinity crisis had been compiled and reissued in  HARD  cover by a leading publisher -- and the book  ,   `` Iron John  ,   "  quickly scaled the New York Times best-seller list  .    
 And structural-package designers develop `` advanced microwaveable packaging  '  '  with metallized foils that encourage crisping and `` guidance systems  '  '  that leave ice cream rock  hard  while the Salisbury steak sizzles  .   
You ' re conscious of the fact that your feet hurt ,  that the city pavements are  HARD  .    
 Booz asked the judge for a stay that would have kept the baby in foster care pending the appeal  ,   but she refused  ,   saying the child cannot remain `` caught between a rock and a  HARD  place .   '  '  
 Early  ,   hard  domes necessitated round stadiums for support -- an inconvenient shape for both baseball and football  .   
 Toys between  HARD  covers  .     
 She told of a friend who came to her two days after a physical `` and asked if I  ' d look at  .   .   .   ' a  HARD  place  '   "  on the side of her breast  .    
 It can absorb stains from food and tobacco  ,   and it can combine with calcium and other minerals in saliva to form tartar  ,   a rock- HARD  coating  .   
 The latest version ( GV-300  ,   $1  ,  400 )   ,   about a year old  ,   is the size of a  hard  cover  book  ,   and some fear it may one day replace books  .   
 To those of us who have spent years observing these animals  ,  the general rule is that they place a flat rock on their chest against which they bang  hard  shelled molluscs such as clams  .   
 The Avon paperback  ,  however  ,  has a different subtitle from the one that appeared on  hard  covers last April  .   
 On Monday and Wednesday  ,   multiple accidents caused miles- long morning backups before our  HARD  hatted  friends even went to work  .    
 The loud music  ,   bright colors and  HARD   ,   slick seats in a fast-food outlet  ,   for example  ,   are intended both to entertain and to trigger an eat-and-run response  .   
 All too often  ,   road-wizened artists who endure years of second-billed status and finally find late success emerge with a  HARD  shell of self-righteous bitterness  .    
 Note :  Dragees are  HARD  candies used to decorate baked goods . -- -- From `` Rose  ' s Christmas ;  Cookies  '  '  by Rose Levy ;  Beranbaum ( Morrow )   .     
 The bears and orangutans play with `` boomer balls  ,   "   HARD  plastic spheres about the size of a volleyball filled with nuts and raisins that rattle around inside and sometimes fall out to be eagerly eaten  .   
 A According to Mario Solomon  ,   a graduate student at Georgetown  ,   the term Hoya derives from the Greek word for ``  HARD  as a rock .   '  '   
 `` But the other brushes  ,   with their  HARD  bristles and tiny heads  ,   are only good for cleaning the small  ,   white part of your teeth .   '  '  
 If the pears are a  HARD  variety  ,  you may need to pre-cook them in a little water until they are soft  .    
 A cushion can help alleviate the discomfort experienced sitting on a  HARD  surface  .    
 He  ' s a kind of Leo Buscaglia of the  hard  court  ,  embracing his sweaty charges at every opportunity  .   
 ( While they are warm  ,   they will feel a bit soft  ,   but when they cool they will become crisp and  hard  .  )  
 Barbara Perry says she has  ,  however  ,  thought of trying to deep-fry some -- a proposition that may strike devotees as akin to  hard  boiling  caviar  .   
 it is made of thin  ,   HARD  yellow ware with fine red grit  .     
 Units with  HARD  plastic sides force water to travel the length of the filter  ,  insuring longer contact with the filter  .    
 The federal government wants to lease portions of the outer continental shelf in Norton Sound  ,   including 1  ,  000 disputed acres  ,   for  HARD  rock mineral recovery  ,   with gold the primary target  .   
 `` She did n ' t want a  HARD  edge  ,   she wanted something soft and dreamy .   '  '   
 Beat the towel on a  HARD  surface to break the husks loose from the kernels  .    
 `` There  ' s no doubt that this FASB proposal leaves us between a rock and a  hard  place  ,   '  '  says the benefits manager for a major manufacturing company  .   
 On the left were pro-labor forces allied with the developers  ,   including several  HARD  hatted  construction workers  .    
 Virtually anything with a  hard  surface will do to colonize  .   
 That encouraged other sit-ins  ,   leading to the replacement of the reception area  ' s comfortable sofas and overstuffed chairs with  HARD  wood benches  .   
 `` They  ' re caught between a rock and a  hard  place  .   '  '   
 ( check )  If the weight of a  HARD  shell  helmet strains your neck  ,   pick a thin shell  .    
 When Hideji Takemasa thinks about computers  ,   he does n ' t imagine  HARD  plastic boxes squatting on desk tops  .   
 GOALKEEPER ;  Face mask -- It has evolved from the Jason mask you see in horror movies to awire cage that attaches to the helmet or a high-tech  ,    HARD  plastic mask-helmet combination  .    
 Bumpy  ,    HARD  skinned   ,   irregularly shaped squash typifies American fall and winter harvest food at its best  .    
 True noir believers also can purchase a `` new  '  '  -LRB- first time published in  hard  covers -RRB- novel by Dashiell Hammett  ,  `` Woman in the Dark : A Novel of Dangerous Romance  '  '  -LRB- Knopf  ,  76 pages  ,  $15 . 95 -RRB-  .   
 If necessary  ,   trim it by using the straightedge and a fresh knife blade  ,   or by rubbing it against fine-grit sandpaper laid flat on a  HARD  work surface  .   
 For instance  ,   I painted a planted walkway on a  HARD  surface to save water  .   
 I don ' t think I have a  HARD  nose  ,   "  he says  ,   stroking the bridge of his nose  ,   `` and I love nonsense .   '  '  
 Someday you  ' ll be walking through the forest in the dead of winter and you  ' ll stub your boot on something  HARD  :  A frog  !    
 Now we were sleeping on a bed that was so  HARD  and so flat that I felt as if staked out for birds of prey in the desert  .   
 Just before serving  ,   crisp tortillas as above but leave  HARD  and flat  .   
 C .  Edward Acker  ,  Pan Am  ' s chairman  ,  remains caught between a rock and a  hard  place  .   
 Before Mr .  Hoffman entered the business a decade ago  ,  a  hard  cover  fiction best seller sold 150  , 000 copies  .   
 Replacement leads and scribes for marking metal  ,   glass and other  HARD  materials are stored in the tape rule  .   
 If you  ' re driving a  HARD  topped  car  ,   stay with it  .    
 Harvest all the fruit before the first  HARD  freeze  .    
 Never let the soil dry out  ,   watch for whiteflies and powdery mildew  ,   feed generously with a 10 percent nitrogen fertilizer every other week  ,   prop the ripening pumpkins up on boards to prevent rotting the bottom and harvest them when the rind starts getting  HARD   .     
 These cookies start out  HARD  and soften as they mature  .     
 Becker matched Lendl  ' s nine aces  ,   but won this match with his more dynamic play at the net  ,   frolicking on the  HARD  court as if it were Wimbledon  ' s grass  .   
 It  ' s all done with bean curd --  HARD  and soft  ,   fried and steamed and broiled and who knows what  .    
 You just have to work a little  harder  to keep the relationship going  .   '  '   
 They found that a way to get a pretty tomato to market was to pick  HARD   ,   unripe ones and gas them red  .    
 McLaughlin recommended during the class that bikers riding down a steep  ,    HARD  packed  dirt hill do most of the braking with the back brake and use the front brake sparingly  .    
 The Hyper Pad is a  HARD  surface  mousepad that contains the same heat-sensitive liquid crystals  .     
 Stich  ,   stretched to five sets in the third round by MaliVai Washington  ,   looked so comfortable on Wimbledon  ' s grass but has n ' t adjusted to the medium-fast  HARD  courts at the National Tennis Center  .    
 If someone is moving from a larger apartment to a smaller one  ,  Mr .  Thometz may also weed out  hard  cover  classics that are readily available in paperback  .   
 Instead  ,   tie a cushion on a  HARD  headboard for comfortable sitting in bed .   '  '   
 `` No way I ' m going to miss that  ,   even kicking a ball that feels like a brick on a rock- HARD  field against the wind .   '  '    
Although there is no question but that the process of washing fabrics involves a number of phenomena which are related together in an extremely complicated way and that these phenomena and their interrelations are not well understood at the present ,  this section attempts to present briefly an up-to-date picture of the physical chemistry of washing either fabrics or  HARD  surfaces .    
The so-called vegetable ivory is the  HARD  endosperm of the egg-sized seed .    
 Mr .  Condello once said the worst thing about the state Capitol was its  HARD  floors  ,   the tiled  ,   marble corridors and stone stairs that he trampled over each working day for a decade  .    
 Remove the  HARD  outer shell of the acorn with a nut cracker  .   
 A  HARDER  skin will allow the fruit to store better  .    
 Since the 1950s  ,  it has cost twice the national average to build a mile of highway through this  hard  scrabble  state  .   
 One example :  The  HARD  stick of the timpanist virtually turns the opening minute into a kettle-drum concerto  .   
